
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.127890                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                127890385500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               127892096500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25608                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25608                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8314260                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15382.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   393907642                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     393907642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       527552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               586368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        39104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             39104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       459894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4125033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4584926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       459894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             459894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            305762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 305762                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            305762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       459894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4125033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4890688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9162                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          611                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9773                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       586368                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     39104                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 586368                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  39104                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   813                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  605                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   194                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    99                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    10                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   81                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   73                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    127890143000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9162                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    611                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1348.173913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     278.016115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2589.573915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            188     40.87%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           48     10.43%     51.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           25      5.43%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           25      5.43%     62.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.83%     65.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      1.30%     66.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.52%     67.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           10      2.17%     70.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.52%     71.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           11      2.39%     73.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.87%     74.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            7      1.52%     76.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            2      0.43%     76.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.09%     77.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.22%     78.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            4      0.87%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.43%     79.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.65%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            4      0.87%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.22%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.22%     81.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.22%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.22%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.22%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.22%     82.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.22%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.22%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.43%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.43%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.22%     83.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.65%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.22%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.22%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.43%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.43%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.22%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.22%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.22%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.43%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.22%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.43%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.22%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.22%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.22%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.43%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.22%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.22%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.43%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       77003000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 193534250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45705000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70826250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8423.91                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7748.19                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21172.11                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.31                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.63                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8830                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       449                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     13086068.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4890688                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       625472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     625472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 625472                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7330500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43488250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        51331988                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     40842674                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       660057                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38808810                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31537663                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.264185                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2875403                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         9410                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            114898274                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                404                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        114898678                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            54485975                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2288                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        54488263                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            169384249                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2692                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        169386941                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            50661694                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               522                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        50662216                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                99377                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                255781582                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     51160490                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              438477731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            51331988                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     34413066                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              77345391                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5298910                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      122358359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           91                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11346                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          50661694                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        243354                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    255350864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.717158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.936993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        178005473     69.71%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5503894      2.16%     71.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6253119      2.45%     74.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          8002917      3.13%     77.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6153873      2.41%     79.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7638096      2.99%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5629425      2.20%     85.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5436210      2.13%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         32727857     12.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    255350864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.714266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         62638141                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     111398216                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          67793015                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9053799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4467692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5982302                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      435440658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1236                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4467692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         69259334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        24225161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44766897                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          69884871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      42746908                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      432321949                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11413195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      26246865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    323422651                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     608978191                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    604796726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4181465                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     296719432                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         26703219                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1281837                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       298239                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          88957695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    117486612                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     56305590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37216876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13995028                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          424560150                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       497043                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         412587588                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       375180                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     30170502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     21424545                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           81                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255350864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.615767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.717126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85464249     33.47%     33.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62429598     24.45%     57.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42454022     16.63%     74.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     28345269     11.10%     85.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17593588      6.89%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10344963      4.05%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4314087      1.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3010254      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1394834      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255350864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          792296     25.75%     25.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           2723      0.09%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            14      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1756088     57.07%     82.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        526024     17.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        99359      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     236993719     57.44%     57.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      4083288      0.99%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       654641      0.16%     58.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       185078      0.04%     58.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       154443      0.04%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        36424      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        39346      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        32461      0.01%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    115653238     28.03%     86.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     54655591     13.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      412587588                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.613047                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3077186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007458                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1079054675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    452546616                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    407946626                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4923731                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2802025                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2388746                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      413044728                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2520687                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29256524                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9201368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        77158                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       124887                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3830315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       265685                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        66589                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4467692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6636065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1826495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    429361030                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52367                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     117486612                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     56305590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       298227                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1413200                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3330                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       124887                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       445427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       223593                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       669020                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     411711411                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     114898682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       876177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4303837                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            169386945                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48681137                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           54488263                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.609621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              410689797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             410335372                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         276710579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         329608221                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.604241                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839514                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     31877969                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       496962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       652576                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    250883172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.585603                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.631035                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    128479402     51.21%     51.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     63027131     25.12%     76.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     15005736      5.98%     82.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4735755      1.89%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3952245      1.58%     85.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2069256      0.82%     86.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1590343      0.63%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1328621      0.53%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30694683     12.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    250883172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    397800997                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      397800997                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              160760519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             108285244                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              198791                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           47155290                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2185964                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         387746583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2650657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30694683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            649865115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           863833638                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   42827                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  430718                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           393904251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             393904251                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     393904251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.649350                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.649350                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.540002                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.540002                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        581308003                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       309064623                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2504808                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1197413                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1196642                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         397583                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1373                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7845.861761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10426043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9208                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1132.280951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6233.479348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   417.718626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1125.862410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.955729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.845647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.760923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.137434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5225136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5225199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5207808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5207808                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1335892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1335892                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            63                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6561028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6561091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           63                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6561028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6561091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6761                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6761                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61846500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       153102500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    420391250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     420391250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61846500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511647250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        573493750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61846500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511647250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       573493750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5226618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5227601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5207808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5207808                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1342653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1342653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6569271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6570254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6569271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6570254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005036                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67224.456522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61576.248313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63739.592007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62178.856678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.856678                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67224.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62070.514376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62587.989741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67224.456522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62070.514376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62587.989741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51286500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125535500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342657750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342657750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51286500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    416906750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    468193250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51286500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    416906750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    468193250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.935910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55746.195652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50100.539811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52262.905912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50681.519006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50681.519006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55746.195652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50577.065389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51096.065699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55746.195652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50577.065389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51096.065699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5894077972                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5227601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5227600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5207808                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1342653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1342653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18346350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18348315                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    753733056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 753795904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             753795904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11096839000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1698749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9855939500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.616841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            50663405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          43265.076857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      127888485250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.892266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    41.724574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.909946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     50660190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        50660190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     50660190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         50660190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     50660190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        50660190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92669999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92669999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92669999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92669999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92669999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92669999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     50661694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     50661694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     50661694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     50661694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     50661694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     50661694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61615.690824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61615.690824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61615.690824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61615.690824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61615.690824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61615.690824                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63462751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63462751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63462751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63462751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63462751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63462751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64560.275687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64560.275687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64560.275687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64560.275687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64560.275687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64560.275687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6568911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           434.762997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           121481957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6569349                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.492237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   434.753523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.849128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.849146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     73355348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        73355348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     47731193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       47731193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       195983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       195983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       198791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       198791                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    121086541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        121086541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    121086541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       121086541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11763015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11763015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4545291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4545291                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2809                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2809                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16308306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16308306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16308306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16308306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127913436250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127913436250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63010126506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63010126506                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38154750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     38154750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190923562756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 190923562756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 190923562756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 190923562756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     85118363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     85118363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     52276484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52276484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       198792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       198792                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       198791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       198791                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137394847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    137394847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137394847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    137394847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.014130                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10874.204976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10874.204976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13862.726612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13862.726612                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13583.036668                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13583.036668                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11707.136398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11707.136398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11707.136398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11707.136398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       361490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             59462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.079345                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5207808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5207808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6536254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6536254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3202784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3202784                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2806                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2806                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9739038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9739038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9739038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9739038                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5226761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5226761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1342507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1342507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6569268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6569268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6569268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6569268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59250776500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  59250776500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15762944498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15762944498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75013720998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75013720998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75013720998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75013720998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025681                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025681                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11336.040906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11336.040906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11741.424438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11741.424438                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11418.885787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11418.885787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11418.885787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11418.885787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
