
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124180                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124180143500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               124181854500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26392                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26392                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8520942                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14573.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   384625874                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     384625874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               583936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        36608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             36608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  572                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       470027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4232303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4702330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             470027                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            294798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 294798                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            294798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       470027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4232303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4997127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9124                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          572                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9696                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       583936                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     36608                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 583936                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  36608                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   848                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  548                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  414                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                    85                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   74                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   64                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    124179852000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9124                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    572                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1335.373913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     263.831437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2603.348276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            199     43.26%     43.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           49     10.65%     53.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           26      5.65%     59.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           21      4.57%     64.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           12      2.61%     66.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            7      1.52%     68.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            4      0.87%     69.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      1.09%     70.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.96%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            9      1.96%     74.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      1.09%     75.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.30%     76.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            6      1.30%     77.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.87%     78.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.22%     78.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.22%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.43%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.43%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.22%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.65%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.22%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.22%     81.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.22%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.65%     82.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.43%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.43%     83.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.43%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.65%     84.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.43%     84.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.43%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.22%     85.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.22%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.22%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.43%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.22%     86.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.22%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.43%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.43%     87.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.22%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.22%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.43%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.22%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.22%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.43%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50     10.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       76695000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 192790000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45530000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70565000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8422.47                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7749.29                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21171.75                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.29                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.80                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8796                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       402                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12807327.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4997127                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               572                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       620544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     620544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 620544                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7136000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43312500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50046536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39822322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       633878                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     39034496                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30754976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     78.789223                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2801714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            112188464                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        112188798                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53122994                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2289                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53125283                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            165311458                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2623                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        165314081                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49374841                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               519                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49375360                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96919                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                248361262                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49852899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              427561335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50046536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33556690                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75409533                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5094902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118402581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           91                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49374841                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        233570                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    247981007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.724170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.940999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        172571474     69.59%     69.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5361657      2.16%     71.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6084824      2.45%     74.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7808502      3.15%     77.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6002909      2.42%     79.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7448449      3.00%     82.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5488816      2.21%     84.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5297261      2.14%     87.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31917115     12.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    247981007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.201507                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.721530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61045057                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     107710286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65949304                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8979198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4297161                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5828498                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7316                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      424628065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1206                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4297161                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67412630                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23047442                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43670273                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68226257                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41327243                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      421641116                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10832412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25511003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    315491525                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     593929565                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    589868692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4060873                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289816864                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25674661                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1249128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290866                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86451826                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114664936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54876792                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36300015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13589516                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          414140829                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       484764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         402607923                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       367175                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29046576                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20637079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    247981007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.623543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.719558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82649346     33.33%     33.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60321899     24.33%     57.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41370512     16.68%     74.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27809590     11.21%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17194127      6.93%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10130454      4.09%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4208238      1.70%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2936704      1.18%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1360137      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    247981007                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          772281     25.58%     25.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3194      0.11%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            13      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1732349     57.37%     83.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        511756     16.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96901      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     231254661     57.44%     57.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3988166      0.99%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       638080      0.16%     58.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       180103      0.04%     58.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148912      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35661      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37485      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31714      0.01%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112909021     28.04%     86.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53287219     13.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      402607923                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.621058                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3019633                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007500                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1051792348                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    441059295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    398128172                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4791313                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2727657                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2325128                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      403077507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2453148                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28779216                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8834534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75616                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       118591                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3689234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       258464                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        65128                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4297161                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6364019                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1777607                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    418817389                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114664936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54876792                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1378089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2367                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       118591                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       427952                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214233                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       642185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     401780131                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     112188802                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       827792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4191796                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            165314085                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47476791                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53125283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.617725                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              400794497                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             400453300                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         270160415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321721012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.612382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839735                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30700595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       484672                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       626585                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    243683846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.593966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.638660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124668127     51.16%     51.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60985150     25.03%     76.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14609221      6.00%     82.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4675764      1.92%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3828836      1.57%     85.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2017074      0.83%     86.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1548038      0.64%     87.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1309113      0.54%     87.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30042523     12.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    243683846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    388423801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      388423801                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              157017960                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105830402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193875                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46003321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2124553                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         378622718                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2585255                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30042523                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            632763379                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           842553578                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  380255                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           384622483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             384622483                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     384622483                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.645727                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.645727                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.548641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.548641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        567290640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301700370                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2440633                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1164819                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1167146                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         387751                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1316                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7841.513059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10169471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1116.420134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6245.071087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   411.389309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1116.172644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.013369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.866650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5090327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5090380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5086164                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5086164                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1307222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1307222                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6397549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6397602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           53                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6397549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6397602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6736                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61512250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       152420250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418785750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418785750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61512250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509693750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        571206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     61512250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509693750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       571206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5091803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5092769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5086164                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5086164                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1313958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1313958                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6405761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6406727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6405761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6406727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005126                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001282                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001282                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67373.767798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61590.785908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63800.858100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62171.281176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62171.281176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67373.767798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62066.944715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62597.917808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67373.767798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62066.944715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62597.917808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       572                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6736                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6736                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          913                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51033750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124997750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341335250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341335250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51033750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415299250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51033750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415299250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.945135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55896.768894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50111.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52322.205944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50673.285333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50673.285333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55896.768894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50572.241841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51104.986301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55896.768894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50572.241841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51104.986301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5923209132                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5092769                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5092768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5086164                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1313958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1313958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17897686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17899617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        61760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    735483200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 735544960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             735544960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10832609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1671497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9610671750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.547994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49376568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42787.320624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      124178389750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   465.285708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.262285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.908761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.082544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49373353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49373353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49373353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49373353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49373353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49373353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92849997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92849997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92849997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92849997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     92849997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92849997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49374841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49374841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49374841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49374841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49374841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49374841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62399.191532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62399.191532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62399.191532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62399.191532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62399.191532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62399.191532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63014503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63014503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63014503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63014503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63014503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63014503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65232.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65232.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65232.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65232.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65232.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65232.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6405338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           495.508743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           118356319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6405839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.476318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   495.498938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.967771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71422881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71422881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46547660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46547660                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       191261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       191261                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193875                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117970541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117970541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117970541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117970541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11476316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11476316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4446023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4446023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2615                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15922339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15922339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15922339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15922339                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124791370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 124791370500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61644759238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61644759238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35478500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35478500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186436129738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186436129738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186436129738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186436129738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82899197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82899197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50993683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50993683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193876                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193875                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133892880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133892880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133892880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133892880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.138437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.138437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.087188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.118918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.118918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10873.817913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10873.817913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13865.146275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13865.146275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13567.304015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13567.304015                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11709.091845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11709.091845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11709.091845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11709.091845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       356619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.148921                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5086164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5086164                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6384370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6384370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3132211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3132211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2612                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2612                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9516581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9516581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9516581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9516581                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5091946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5091946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1313812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1313812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6405758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6405758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6405758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6405758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57728049250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57728049250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15431106998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15431106998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73159156248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73159156248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  73159156248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73159156248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11337.129115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11337.129115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11745.293085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11745.293085                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11420.842974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11420.842974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11420.842974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11420.842974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
