
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.730817                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                730816733000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               730818444000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71450                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    71450                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22831078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32009.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       738432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               773504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       120384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            120384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        47990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1010420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1058410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        47990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              47990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            164725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 164725                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            164725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        47990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1010420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1223136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12086                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1881                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13967                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       773504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    120384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 773504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 120384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   692                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  695                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   181                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   422                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   344                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   53                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    730816503000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12086                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1881                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1601.268468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     344.244985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2853.599696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            203     36.58%     36.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53      9.55%     46.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           31      5.59%     51.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           20      3.60%     55.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           14      2.52%     57.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           19      3.42%     61.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           11      1.98%     63.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      0.90%     64.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.26%     65.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            4      0.72%     66.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.72%     66.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.72%     67.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           14      2.52%     70.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      0.90%     70.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            3      0.54%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.08%     72.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           10      1.80%     74.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.54%     74.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.36%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.08%     76.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            5      0.90%     77.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            3      0.54%     77.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.54%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.54%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     79.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.18%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.54%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.36%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            3      0.54%     80.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.36%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.90%     82.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.18%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.36%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     82.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.36%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.18%     83.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.36%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.36%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.36%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.36%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.18%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.18%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.36%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.18%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.18%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.18%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.72%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     87.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.18%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.91%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10560-10561            1      0.18%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.36%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12417            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       36707250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 267387250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60400000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   170280000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        3038.68                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14096.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  22134.71                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11734                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1654                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52324515.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1223136                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6217                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       893888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     893888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 893888                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57348750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77508740                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72498747                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196838                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77239253                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76959257                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637495                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265802                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100791807                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15145                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100806952                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441302676                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441304216                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542094483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542111168                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217671150                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217671277                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1461633466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217975293                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2568947365                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77508740                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77225059                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357040141                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33076730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      857645451                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217671150                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1461477071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.757775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.157888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1104436930     75.57%     75.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471412      0.31%     75.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239510      0.29%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20898      0.00%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691375      0.59%     76.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532461      0.04%     76.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499370      4.34%     81.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67170706      4.60%     85.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208414409     14.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1461477071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053029                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.757587                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341039178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     738541604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134468094                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218615761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28812433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4743924                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           303                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537321479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           935                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28812433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352776862                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       118461671                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16187085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341597633                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     603641386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519420070                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            75                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     599294097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967072106                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598333389                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593236347                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097042                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182102778                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         996645153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149833759                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470352025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641269809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316087087                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509078487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390234604                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8870                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221979714                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194261234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1461477071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.635492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    302689636     20.71%     20.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    406987286     27.85%     48.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424389058     29.04%     77.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184472141     12.62%     90.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134243888      9.19%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8385156      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26361      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275079      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8466      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1461477071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14613      0.38%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         283648      7.31%      7.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3581729     92.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717992415     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511951      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336777      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792185      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11620      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262894      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109219483     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441580757     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390234604                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.635317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3880195                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001623                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6237834011                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727121862                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376874520                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001333                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006383                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000439                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389589734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000770                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439338580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106540138                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2672                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41162363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          928                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28812433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4282620                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        709279                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509363074                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149833759                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470352025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        600073                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196283                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          879                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197162                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381518091                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100806953                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8716513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284361                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542111183                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969876                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441304230                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.629354                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380922210                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380874959                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811820083                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812807447                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.628914                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221989280                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196548                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1432664638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.596585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.314176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    595725598     41.58%     41.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457336496     31.92%     73.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133260617      9.30%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9107799      0.64%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30663      0.00%     83.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656386      4.37%     87.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59051952      4.12%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55487917      3.87%     95.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60007210      4.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1432664638                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60007210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3882014043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047534427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   73647                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  156395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.639079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.639079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.564752                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.564752                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386536868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863438863                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708527                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676905                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4207                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8130.426641                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      599702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     48.780055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5556.993873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    33.062090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2540.271769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.678344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.310092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       378767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  378767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           226718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                226718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        69246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 69246                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        448013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   448013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       448013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  448013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6218                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12087                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41263750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    349470750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       390734500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    378090750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     378090750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41263750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    727561500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        768825250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41263750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    727561500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       768825250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       384436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              384985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       226718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            226718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             75115                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       459551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               460100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       459551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              460100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.016151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.078134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.026270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.026270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75161.657559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61645.925207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62839.256996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64421.664679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64421.664679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75161.657559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63057.852314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.615620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75161.657559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63057.852314                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63607.615620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34970250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    284336250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319306500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    310649250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310649250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34970250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594985500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    629955750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34970250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594985500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    629955750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.016151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.026270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.026270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63698.087432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50156.332687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51351.962046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52930.524791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52930.524791                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63698.087432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51567.472699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52118.453711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63698.087432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51567.472699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52118.453711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    60146800                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             384985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            384984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           226718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            75115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           75115                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1097                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1145820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1146917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     43921216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  43956288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              43956288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          570127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            954750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         692153250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               238                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           455.981711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217673559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          295350.826323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   328.977138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   127.004573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.642533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.248056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217670344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217670344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217670344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           806                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57325250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57325250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57325250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57325250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217671150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217671150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217671150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71123.138958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71123.138958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71123.138958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71123.138958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71123.138958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71123.138958                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41813750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41813750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41813750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41813750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41813750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41813750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76163.479053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76163.479053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76163.479053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76163.479053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76163.479053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76163.479053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            459293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           335.972633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090048315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            459629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           2371.582983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   335.970947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.656193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.656197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661036048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661036048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429011477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429011477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090047525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090047525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090047525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090047525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       416320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        416320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       178108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       178108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       594428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         594428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       594428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        594428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7101605500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7101605500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3345171852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3345171852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10446777352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10446777352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10446777352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10446777352                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661452368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661452368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090641953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090641953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090641953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090641953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000415                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17058.045494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17058.045494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18781.704651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18781.704651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17574.504149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17574.504149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17574.504149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17574.504149                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7488                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               235                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.863830                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       226718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            226718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        31866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       103014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       103014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       134880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       134880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       384454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       384454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        75094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       459548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       459548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       459548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       459548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4523294750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4523294750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1147135249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1147135249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5670429999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5670429999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5670429999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5670429999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11765.503155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11765.503155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15275.990745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15275.990745                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12339.146289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12339.146289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12339.146289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12339.146289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
