
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185475                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185475044500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185476755500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31745                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31745                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9879185                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18774.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   595986000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     595986000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4929856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4989760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2259264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2259264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        77029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 77965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           35301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                35301                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       322976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26579619                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26902595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       322976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             322976                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12180959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12180959                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12180959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       322976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26579619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39083554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         77965                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        35301                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         113266                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4989760                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2259264                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4989760                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2259264                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       10                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4839                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4825                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4840                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5059                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4752                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4862                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5011                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4841                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2203                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2205                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2168                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2228                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185474758000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   77965                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  35301                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     58016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        13029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      555.766981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     223.923048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1138.507527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4282     32.87%     32.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1928     14.80%     47.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1181      9.06%     56.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          919      7.05%     63.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          535      4.11%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          437      3.35%     71.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          391      3.00%     74.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          329      2.53%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          230      1.77%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          154      1.18%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          118      0.91%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          126      0.97%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           88      0.68%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           77      0.59%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          106      0.81%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          138      1.06%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           98      0.75%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           79      0.61%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           80      0.61%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          199      1.53%     88.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           74      0.57%     88.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           54      0.41%     89.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          411      3.15%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          352      2.70%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           31      0.24%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           34      0.26%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.12%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           16      0.12%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           17      0.13%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.05%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.10%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           20      0.15%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.09%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           13      0.10%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.08%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            8      0.06%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.02%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.06%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            9      0.07%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.05%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.06%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.06%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.02%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            7      0.05%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.03%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.06%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.07%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.02%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.04%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.02%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.03%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            6      0.05%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.04%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.03%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            8      0.06%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.04%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.03%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            4      0.03%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.05%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.05%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          123      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          13029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      702842250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2054099750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    389775000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   961482500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9016.00                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12333.81                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26349.81                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.90                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.90                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.18                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      72644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     27564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1637514.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39083554                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             35301                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36816                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       191231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        191231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7249024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7249024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7249024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           197837000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          369733250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        61620936                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     49737812                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       760491                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     40337394                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        39247345                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.297671                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3212807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            194326887                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1030                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        194327917                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81623973                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4675                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81628648                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            275950860                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5705                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        275956565                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            69539641                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               186                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        69539827                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               113324                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                370951615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     70049738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              647631094                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            61620936                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     42460152                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             108989337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         6177105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      183002926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4640                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          69539641                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        285664                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    367285156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.763292                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.018484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        258295819     70.33%     70.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6817166      1.86%     72.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          7236971      1.97%     74.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         10301668      2.80%     76.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7865236      2.14%     79.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9845914      2.68%     81.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7201038      1.96%     83.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          6232512      1.70%     85.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         53488832     14.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    367285156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.166116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.745864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         89522122                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     164080055                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          92204760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      16250677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        5227541                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6781638                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         10909                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      644487084                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1139                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        5227541                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         99524907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        39477565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     51817067                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          97932866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      73305209                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      640789778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18621871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      47487522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    493626985                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     909581977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    903979187                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5602790                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     461334321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         32292664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1376777                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       340148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         149503934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    197978806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     83901701                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     76861744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21589148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          631830737                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       566908                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         617007010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       435509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     35914234                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26441252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          219                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    367285156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.679913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.663124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    109874308     29.92%     29.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     91653422     24.95%     54.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     66686567     18.16%     73.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     46912180     12.77%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     27589131      7.51%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13704718      3.73%     97.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5370956      1.46%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3812928      1.04%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1680946      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    367285156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          889954     17.12%     17.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4455      0.09%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            18      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3713545     71.46%     88.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        588906     11.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       113306      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     331377480     53.71%     53.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6740936      1.09%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1012373      0.16%     54.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       287106      0.05%     55.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       240623      0.04%     55.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55695      0.01%     55.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        61136      0.01%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51645      0.01%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    195249428     31.64%     86.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81817282     13.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      617007010                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.663309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5196918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1600152891                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    664667087                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    611088579                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6778712                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3836191                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3309270                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      618635989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3454633                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     60332760                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11755156                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        85277                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       196849                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3948989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       246915                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        20134                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        5227541                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8041954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2335467                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    637293371                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     197978806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     83901701                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       340133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1776490                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6971                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       196849                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       579787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       187797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       767584                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     615948919                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     194327919                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1058091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4895726                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            275956567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         58885176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81628648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.660456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              614865835                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             614397849                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         438682341                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         500665355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.656275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.876199                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     36952260                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       566689                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       749614                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    362057615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.658723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.605285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    165617562     45.74%     45.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    104487472     28.86%     74.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     26276098      7.26%     81.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8921393      2.46%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5859407      1.62%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2750778      0.76%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1981163      0.55%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1638954      0.45%     87.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     44524788     12.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    362057615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    600553325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      600553325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              266176362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             186223650                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              226681                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           57500062                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3055609                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         588564868                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      3051595                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      44524788                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            955025932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1280249934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  112588                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3666459                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           595982609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             595982609                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     595982609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.622420                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.622420                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.606632                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.606632                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        875228871                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       475582712                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3487185                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1847911                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1363965                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         453364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     70024                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8152.261549                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9753667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     78043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    124.978115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1578.425064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    65.709675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6507.880512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.193602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.052697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.192679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.794419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6040730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 6040733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3749624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3749624                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1484382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1484382                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7525112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7525115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7525112                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7525115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36816                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               36816                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        77029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  77966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        77029                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 77966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64218000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2561009750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2625227750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2663204500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2663204500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64218000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5224214250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5288432250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64218000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5224214250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5288432250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6080943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             6081883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3749624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3749624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1521198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1521198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7602141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7603081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7602141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7603081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68535.752401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63686.115187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63796.543135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72338.236093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72338.236093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68535.752401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67821.395189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67829.980376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68535.752401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67821.395189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67829.980376                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                35301                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     35301                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             77966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            77966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53463000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2099235250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2152698250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2240337500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2240337500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53463000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339572750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4393035750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53463000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339572750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4393035750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57057.630736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52202.900803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52313.444714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60852.278900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60852.278900                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57057.630736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56336.869880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56345.532027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57057.630736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56336.869880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56345.532027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3917362888                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6081883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6081882                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3749624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1521198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1521198                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18953906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18955785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    726512960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 726573056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             726573056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9425976500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1638498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11421868000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.874770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            69541375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          61650.155142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      185473522250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.345879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    44.528891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.895207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.086970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.982177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     69538160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        69538160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     69538160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         69538160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     69538160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        69538160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99686498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99686498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99686498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99686498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99686498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99686498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     69539641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     69539641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     69539641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     69539641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     69539641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     69539641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67310.261985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67310.261985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67310.261985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67310.261985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67310.261985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67310.261985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65190502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65190502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65190502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65190502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65190502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65190502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69351.597872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69351.597872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69351.597872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69351.597872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69351.597872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69351.597872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7601811                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           405.632340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           194781501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7602219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.621664                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   405.625696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.792238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.792251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119885889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       119885889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     74448443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       74448443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       219846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       219846                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       226681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       226681                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    194334332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        194334332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    194334332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       194334332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13624226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13624226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5277588                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5277588                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6836                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6836                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18901814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18901814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18901814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18901814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153667295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 153667295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  80762715694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  80762715694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92740500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92740500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 234430010694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 234430010694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 234430010694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 234430010694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133510115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133510115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     79726031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     79726031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       226682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       226681                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    213236146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    213236146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    213236146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    213236146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.066197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030157                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11278.974307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11278.974307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15302.959552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15302.959552                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.486249                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.486249                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12402.513891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12402.513891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12402.513891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12402.513891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       762780                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             14058                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.259496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3749624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3749624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7543034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7543034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3756642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3756642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6833                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6833                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11299676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11299676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11299676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11299676                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6081192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6081192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1520946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1520946                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7602138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7602138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7602138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70992351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70992351000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19698928746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19698928746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       281250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       281250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90691279746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  90691279746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  90691279746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  90691279746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11674.084785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11674.084785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12951.760777                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12951.760777                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11929.707109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11929.707109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11929.707109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11929.707109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
