
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016910                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16910178000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16911889000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19847                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    19847                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7291529                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2319.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46028579                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46028579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       739712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               788992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       197248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            197248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3082                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2914221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     43743596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                46657818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2914221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2914221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11664454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11664454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11664454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2914221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     43743596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58322272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12328                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3082                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          15410                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       788992                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    197248                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 788992                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 197248                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   645                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   642                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   689                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   504                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1079                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   919                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1033                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  731                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  637                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   203                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   164                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   224                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    92                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    68                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   210                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  337                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  280                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   70                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16909933000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12328                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3082                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1200                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      422.751286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     159.451946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1133.770674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1028     44.08%     44.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          420     18.01%     62.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          199      8.53%     70.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          130      5.57%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           78      3.34%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           56      2.40%     81.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           38      1.63%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           44      1.89%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           21      0.90%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           23      0.99%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           26      1.11%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           20      0.86%     89.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           22      0.94%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           18      0.77%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           12      0.51%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           13      0.56%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           10      0.43%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           19      0.81%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           12      0.51%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            8      0.34%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           12      0.51%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      0.30%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      0.30%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            7      0.30%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            2      0.09%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.17%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            4      0.17%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.04%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            6      0.26%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.17%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.09%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.09%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.17%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.04%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.13%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.30%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.09%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.04%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.09%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.04%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.04%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.04%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.13%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.09%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.04%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.04%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.04%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.04%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.04%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.04%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.04%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.04%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.04%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.04%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.09%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       96083250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 298399500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61640000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   140676250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7793.90                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11411.12                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24205.02                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          46.66                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  46.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.66                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.17                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11351                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1727                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  56.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1097335.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     58322272                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7956                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        27738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         27738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       986240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     986240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 986240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            20033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1210492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1148245                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        77178                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       399166                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          388435                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.311645                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13957                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             20988566                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                417                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20988983                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6808791                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2205                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6810996                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27797357                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2622                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27799979                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3719610                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3719739                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33820356                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3825374                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51684566                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1210492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       402392                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6734613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          726823                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       22201618                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3398                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3719610                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12044                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33388591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.547971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.133244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26653978     79.83%     79.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129052      0.39%     80.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            99044      0.30%     80.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            32725      0.10%     80.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            36722      0.11%     80.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24210      0.07%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13640      0.04%     80.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           284287      0.85%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6114933     18.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33388591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.528209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6708887                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19370874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3748317                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2937331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         623181                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46259                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51307630                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1054                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         623181                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7424997                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5592523                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1340516                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5874882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12532491                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50821443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         269762                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12070711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42399370                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      74191944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     73177167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1014777                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38344533                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4054837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          143                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21628030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21920647                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7157867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13847387                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3145583                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50458424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          48103905                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4402705                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3802499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33388591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.440729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.248467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8126938     24.34%     24.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12351353     36.99%     61.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6186518     18.53%     79.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4066657     12.18%     92.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2179159      6.53%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       419049      1.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        45375      0.14%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12922      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          620      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33388591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             500      0.17%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              2      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         287167     98.31%     98.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          4399      1.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22333      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19343645     40.21%     40.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       419791      0.87%     41.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276116      0.57%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25894      0.05%     41.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91664      0.19%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20303      0.04%     41.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21539      0.04%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21062502     43.79%     85.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6820118     14.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       48103905                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.422336                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              292108                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006072                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    128621642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54085518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47269170                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1272036                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       803129                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       626149                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47737134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          636546                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8375235                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1881058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4272                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27517                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       496370                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2284                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         623181                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          122647                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          6179                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50502721                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2098                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      21920647                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7157867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1218                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           781                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27517                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77600                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48002885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      20988987                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       101020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44051                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27799983                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1053618                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6810996                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.419349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47951935                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47895319                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39695959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40377640                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.416168                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4438771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        76859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32765410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.405705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.940152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10671293     32.57%     32.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13651026     41.66%     74.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4556092     13.91%     88.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       738838      2.25%     90.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       566528      1.73%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       405136      1.24%     93.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       220582      0.67%     94.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       183828      0.56%     94.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1772087      5.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32765410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46058500                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       46058500                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26701086                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20039589                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1005535                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             572418                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45666132                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13678                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1772087                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             81485472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           101619082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    5194                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  431765                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46025188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46025188                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46025188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.734823                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.734823                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.360872                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.360872                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69365615                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39577067                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624282                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           494858                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26720                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11323                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4515                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7103.378957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12441                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.249658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5855.667884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   335.043301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   789.808783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         91.077988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.781000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.714803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.096412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.867112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    6822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7956                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12329                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246395250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       300451250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509455750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     509455750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    755851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        809907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    755851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       809907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               11195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11600                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.390621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.685862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.540864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.540864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70111.543450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68405.122154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68705.979877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64034.156611                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64034.156611                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70111.543450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65396.348849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70111.543450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65396.348849                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65691.215833                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7956                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    205033750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250242750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418017250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418017250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    623051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    623051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.346013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.390621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.685862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.540864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.540864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58636.835279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56922.196002                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57224.502630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52541.132479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52541.132479                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58636.835279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53906.471708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54202.287290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58636.835279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53906.471708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54202.287290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   149211912                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              11195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             11194                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16631                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11600                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        60651                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        62220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2473024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2523200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2523200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           36344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1364500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          35843500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               464                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.885510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3721656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               973                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3824.929085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.137443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.748067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3718441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3718441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3718441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3718441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3718441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3718441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79137500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79137500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79137500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79137500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3719610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3719610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3719610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3719610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3719610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3719610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67696.749358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67696.749358                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67696.749358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67696.749358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67696.749358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67696.749358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54982500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54982500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54982500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70041.401274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70041.401274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70041.401274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70041.401274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70041.401274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70041.401274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21576                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.540267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19195732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             22088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            869.057045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         128099250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.468265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.072002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12584156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12584156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6610783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6610783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19194939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19194939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19194939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19194939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         28197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        50635                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          78832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         78832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    933918500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    933918500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2557640138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2557640138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3491558638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3491558638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3491558638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3491558638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12612353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12612353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6661418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6661418                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19273771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19273771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19273771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19273771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007601                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33121.200837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33121.200837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50511.309134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50511.309134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44291.133524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44291.133524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44291.133524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44291.133524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       121438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1565                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.596166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        17789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        17789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39036                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        56825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        56825                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    325134250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325134250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    557552750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557552750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    882687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    882687000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    882687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    882687000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31238.878747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31238.878747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48069.036124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48069.036124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40109.374290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40109.374290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40109.374290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40109.374290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
