
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056063                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56063299500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56065010500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37759                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14244795                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3935.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   148609901                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     148609901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3548416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3597760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1620224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1620224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        55444                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 56215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25316                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       880148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63293028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64173176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       880148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             880148                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          28899904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               28899904                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          28899904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       880148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63293028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               93073081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         56215                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25316                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          81531                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3597760                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1620224                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3597760                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1620224                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3621                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3595                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3455                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3369                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3395                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3353                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3478                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3491                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3515                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3531                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3566                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3605                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1669                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1670                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1681                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1578                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1709                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1497                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1480                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1508                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1510                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1499                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1542                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1624                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1679                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56063013000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   56215                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25316                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     36496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        19792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      263.191593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     122.270925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     698.734078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          11281     57.00%     57.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2998     15.15%     72.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1296      6.55%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          812      4.10%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          687      3.47%     86.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          564      2.85%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          329      1.66%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          181      0.91%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          112      0.57%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           81      0.41%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           68      0.34%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           81      0.41%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           56      0.28%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           42      0.21%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           43      0.22%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           57      0.29%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           32      0.16%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           30      0.15%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           24      0.12%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          132      0.67%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           49      0.25%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           52      0.26%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          249      1.26%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          234      1.18%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           15      0.08%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.08%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           12      0.06%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           15      0.08%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.04%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.05%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.02%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.02%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           60      0.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          19792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      828752500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1902360000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    280975000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   792632500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14747.80                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14105.04                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33852.83                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          64.17                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          28.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  64.17                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  28.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.84                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      47790                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13913                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       687628.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     93073081                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27762                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28453                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       137746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        137746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5217984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5217984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           142029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          266607500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3670057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3485852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       235306                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1370058                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1329486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.038666                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36966                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             67625278                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1101                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         67626379                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21958901                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4303                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21963204                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             89584179                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5404                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         89589583                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            12038265                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        12038396                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112126599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12335437                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              166262109                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3670057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1366452                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21698774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2275826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       73146541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12038265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         36920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    109134490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.523461                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.113195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         87435716     80.12%     80.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           439668      0.40%     80.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           323662      0.30%     80.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           108768      0.10%     80.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           110945      0.10%     81.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            78084      0.07%     81.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            35997      0.03%     81.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1014569      0.93%     82.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19587081     17.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    109134490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.032731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.482807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21486280                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      64152607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12407208                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9138471                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1949923                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       142327                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      165090613                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1949923                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23900587                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        19909752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4543807                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18821987                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      40008433                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      163551283                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1362                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         895875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      38311074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    136692563                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     239040548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    235869951                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3170597                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     124022741                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12669822                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       169976                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          69592792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     70424261                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23029983                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     44479700                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10007586                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          162441203                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          254                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         155347064                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13714493                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11520030                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    109134490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.423446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     28176175     25.82%     25.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     38760163     35.52%     61.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20191398     18.50%     79.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13596893     12.46%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6862868      6.29%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1360483      1.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       146560      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39421      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          529      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    109134490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             385      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            219      0.02%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         900605     97.26%     97.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         24764      2.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        68273      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      62627023     40.31%     40.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1435864      0.92%     41.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       864633      0.56%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        81466      0.05%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       287094      0.18%     42.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57973      0.04%     42.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        66455      0.04%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     67866491     43.69%     85.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21991792     14.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      155347064                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.385461                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              926013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005961                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    416827916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173711090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    152755867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3943651                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2534969                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1937376                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      154231196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1973608                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27432735                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5800782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13373                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        90848                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1552876                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        14158                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1949923                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         2343054                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        195143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    162567089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      70424261                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23029983                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          32949                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         56840                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        90848                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        78312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       159364                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       237676                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     155019623                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      67626381                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       327441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                125632                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             89589585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3222215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21963204                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.382541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              154855314                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             154693243                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         128355727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         130489404                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.379630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983649                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13853777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       234994                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107184567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.387300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.968499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     37183164     34.69%     34.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42879188     40.01%     74.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14443614     13.48%     88.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2283563      2.13%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1916376      1.79%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1167351      1.09%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       670931      0.63%     93.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       570860      0.53%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6069520      5.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107184567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    148697130                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      148697130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               86100586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              64623479                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3058631                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1763598                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         147491172                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36655                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6069520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            263651173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           327056138                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  102108                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2992109                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           148606510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             148606510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     148606510                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.754520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.754520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.325346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.325346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        224347223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       128081494                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1932762                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1537443                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72641                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          34293                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     48335                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8153.068267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      226522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     56440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.013501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               53426993750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6047.297927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    78.024035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2026.967987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.620002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.158316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.738196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.247433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       196928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  196928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            57956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 57956                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  9098                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        206026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   206026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       206026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  206026                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        26991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 27763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28453                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        55444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  56216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        55444                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 56216                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52915250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2045941250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2098856500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2135531500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2135531500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52915250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4181472750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4234388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52915250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4181472750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4234388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       223919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              224691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        57956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             57956                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             37551                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       261470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               262242                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       261470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              262242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.123561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.757716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.214367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.214367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68543.069948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75800.868808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75599.052696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75054.704249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75054.704249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68543.069948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75417.948741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75323.537783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68543.069948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75417.948741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75323.537783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25316                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            27763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28453                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             56216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        55444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            56216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44056750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1735978750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780035500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1808707500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808707500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44056750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3544686250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3588743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44056750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3544686250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3588743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.123561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.757716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.214367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.212047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.214367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57068.329016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64316.948242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64115.387386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63568.252908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63568.252908                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57068.329016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63932.729421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63838.462359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57068.329016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63932.729421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63838.462359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   365526257                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             224691                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224690                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            57956                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            37551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           37551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       580896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       582439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     20443264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  20492608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              20492608                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          218055000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         405642750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.504901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            12040317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12541.996875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.243421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.261480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12037102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12037102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12037102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12037102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12037102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12037102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76825500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12038265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12038265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12038265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12038265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12038265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12038265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66058.039553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66058.039553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66058.039553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66058.039553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66058.039553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66058.039553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          391                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53689250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53689250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53689250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53689250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53689250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53689250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69545.660622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69545.660622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69545.660622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69545.660622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69545.660622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69545.660622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            261326                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           221.767447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            61065420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            261548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            233.476914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   221.745468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.021979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.433097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.433140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     39753382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39753382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21311245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21311245                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     61064627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         61064627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     61064627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        61064627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       429737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        429737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       165783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       165783                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       595520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         595520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       595520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        595520                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9670850750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9670850750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10170038553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10170038553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19840889303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19840889303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19840889303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19840889303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     40183119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40183119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21477028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21477028                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61660147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     61660147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61660147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     61660147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007719                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100000                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22504.114726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22504.114726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61345.485080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61345.485080                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33316.915138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33316.915138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33316.915138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33316.915138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       591764                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   101.538092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        57956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             57956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       205820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       205820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       128234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       128234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       334054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       334054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       334054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       334054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       223917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37549                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       261466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       261466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       261466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4240972250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4240972250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2264137500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2264137500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6505109750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6505109750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6505109750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6505109750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001748                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050000                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18939.929751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18939.929751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60298.210338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60298.210338                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24879.371505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24879.371505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24879.371505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24879.371505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
