
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.178307                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                178307251500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               178308962500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31202                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31202                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9693654                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18394.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   573928121                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     573928121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4829696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4889664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2197376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2197376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        75464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 76401                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           34334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                34334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       336318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     27086369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                27422687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       336318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             336318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12323537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12323537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12323537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       336318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     27086369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39746224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         76401                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        34334                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         110735                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4889664                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2197376                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4889664                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2197376                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4796                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4756                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4823                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4705                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4706                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4837                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4849                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4752                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4780                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2166                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2173                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2158                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2128                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2046                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2078                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2115                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2089                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2172                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2193                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    178306960000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   76401                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  34334                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     56913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1493                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1492                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      557.903831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.508879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1132.747424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4159     32.78%     32.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1913     15.08%     47.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1155      9.10%     56.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          832      6.56%     63.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          553      4.36%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          401      3.16%     71.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          361      2.85%     73.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          365      2.88%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          190      1.50%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          150      1.18%     79.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          114      0.90%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          131      1.03%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          113      0.89%     82.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           85      0.67%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           86      0.68%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          130      1.02%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           86      0.68%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           71      0.56%     85.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           70      0.55%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          205      1.62%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           72      0.57%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           59      0.47%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          413      3.26%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          341      2.69%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           25      0.20%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           27      0.21%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.14%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           18      0.14%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           17      0.13%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           13      0.10%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.10%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.05%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.07%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.08%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.06%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.09%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.09%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           10      0.08%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           11      0.09%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.04%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.06%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.08%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.04%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.06%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.04%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           11      0.09%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.05%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.04%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.04%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.08%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            6      0.05%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.07%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.05%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.03%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            5      0.04%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            4      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          116      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      703788750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2026427500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    381905000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   940733750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9214.19                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12316.33                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26530.52                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          27.42                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  27.42                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.32                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.98                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      71232                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26779                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1610213.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39746224                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40298                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             34334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36103                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       187136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        187136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7087040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7087040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7087040                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           192703500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          362318500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        58127601                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46976396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       728050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37514813                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37099491                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.892912                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3021639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            188744658                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1079                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        188745737                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78823113                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4677                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78827790                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            267567771                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5756                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        267573527                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66441700                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               194                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66441894                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               106392                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                356616005                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66936052                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              622779073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            58127601                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     40121130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             104355386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5866878                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      176811936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4702                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66441700                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        265802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    353074445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.763875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.023902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        248719059     70.44%     70.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6467501      1.83%     72.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6789573      1.92%     74.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9736907      2.76%     76.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7458408      2.11%     79.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9339554      2.65%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6814389      1.93%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5888463      1.67%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51860591     14.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    353074445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.162998                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.746358                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85961891                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     158298466                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87905772                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15951691                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4956624                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6370061                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9668                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      619811331                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1168                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4956624                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95600480                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        38137653                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48815033                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93699879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71864775                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      616289541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18498302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46460003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    475638503                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     875391958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    869963346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5428612                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     445095494                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30543009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1293404                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       319366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         145958400                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    192220735                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80972693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     76020878                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21036759                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          607838276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       532276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         593813311                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       414613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33964218                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24999990                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          247                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    353074445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.681836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.656675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    104669182     29.65%     29.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     88655485     25.11%     54.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64382855     18.23%     72.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45349555     12.84%     85.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26730899      7.57%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13061118      3.70%     97.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5042616      1.43%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3603311      1.02%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1579424      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    353074445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          837935     16.55%     16.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4324      0.09%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            15      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3662055     72.32%     88.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        559253     11.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       106374      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     316898167     53.37%     53.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6478970      1.09%     54.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1004850      0.17%     54.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       284295      0.05%     54.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       238085      0.04%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55808      0.01%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        60112      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51753      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    189630201     31.93%     86.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     79004696     13.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      593813311                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.665134                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5063622                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008527                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1539581714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    638795134                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    588113125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6597588                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3725179                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3224477                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595410367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3360192                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59183585                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11140530                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        80799                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       190931                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3718556                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       231832                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        19028                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4956624                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7376854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2178337                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    612990853                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53989                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     192220735                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80972693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       319353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1664155                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3701                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       190931                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       557602                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       177151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       734753                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     592799494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     188745739                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1013817                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4620301                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            267573529                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55528069                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78827790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.662291                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              591781374                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             591337602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         423919107                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         482289794                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.658191                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.878972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34941994                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       532029                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       718403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    348117821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.661046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.597359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    157281702     45.18%     45.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102201596     29.36%     74.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25614553      7.36%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8687884      2.50%     84.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5656914      1.62%     86.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2646113      0.76%     86.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1894017      0.54%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1557415      0.45%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42577627     12.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    348117821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    578239598                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      578239598                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              258334342                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             181080205                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              212817                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           54213429                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2984198                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         566885714                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2871575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42577627                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            918709306                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1231330545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   94540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3541560                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           573924730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             573924730                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     573924730                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.621364                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.621364                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.609363                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.609363                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        842807726                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       458489748                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3404756                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1830544                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1280781                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         425636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     68387                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8150.583142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9124025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     76386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    119.446299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27351449000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1605.105962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    71.515967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6473.704636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.201666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.054910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.195936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.790247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5657585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5657588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3502381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3502381                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1394177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1394177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7051762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7051765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7051762                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7051765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               36103                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        75464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  76402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        75464                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 76402                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64234250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2502641750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2566876000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2628908000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2628908000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64234250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5131549750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5195784000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64234250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5131549750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5195784000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5696946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5697887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3502381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3502381                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1430280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1430280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7127226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7128167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7127226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7128167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.007073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.025242                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68480.010661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63581.762404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63695.774089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72816.885023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72816.885023                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68480.010661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67999.970184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68005.863721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68480.010661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67999.970184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68005.863721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                34334                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     34334                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36103                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             76402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            76402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53470750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2050629250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2104100000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2214245000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2214245000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53470750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4264874250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4318345000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53470750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4264874250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4318345000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.007073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57005.063966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52097.996748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52212.213703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61331.329806                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61331.329806                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57005.063966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56515.348378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56521.360697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57005.063966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56515.348378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56521.360697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3815632860                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5697887                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5697886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3502381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1430280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1430280                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17756833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17758714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    680294848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 680355008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             680355008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8817655000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1638499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10709121250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               617                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.621526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66443443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58851.588131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      178305525750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.541471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.080056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66440228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66440228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66440228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66440228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66440228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66440228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1472                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97705499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97705499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97705499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97705499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97705499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97705499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66441700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66441700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66441700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66441700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66441700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66441700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66376.018342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66376.018342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66376.018342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66376.018342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66376.018342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66376.018342                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65207001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65207001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65207001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65207001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65207001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65207001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69295.431456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69295.431456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69295.431456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69295.431456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69295.431456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69295.431456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7126801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           498.761433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           188837972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7127304                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.495007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   498.754522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.974130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116342707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       116342707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72075298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72075298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       206508                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       206508                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       212817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       212817                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    188418005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        188418005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    188418005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       188418005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12763879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12763879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4966022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4966022                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6310                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6310                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17729901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17729901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17729901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17729901                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 144337847250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 144337847250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76607798466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76607798466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85390750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85390750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220945645716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 220945645716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 220945645716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 220945645716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129106586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129106586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77041320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     77041320                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       212818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       212818                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       212817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       212817                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206147906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206147906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206147906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206147906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029650                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11308.305825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11308.305825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15426.391278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15426.391278                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13532.606973                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.606973                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12461.752929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12461.752929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12461.752929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12461.752929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       755894                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             13721                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    55.090300                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3502381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3502381                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7066681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7066681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3535997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3535997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6307                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6307                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10602678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10602678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10602678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10602678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5697198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5697198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1430025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1430025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7127223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7127223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7127223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7127223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66603503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66603503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18634128748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18634128748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85237631748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  85237631748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85237631748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  85237631748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018562                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11690.571927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11690.571927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13030.631456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13030.631456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11959.445039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11959.445039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11959.445039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11959.445039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
