
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055849                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55849074500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55850785000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37903                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37903                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8267458                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6755.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1113859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170426172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171540032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1113859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1113859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85099065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85099065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85099065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1113859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170426172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256639096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149694                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74261                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223955                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       16                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9372                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9402                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9344                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9259                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55849044500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149694                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74261                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1306.203895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     562.118446                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2003.682396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1650     15.09%     15.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1045      9.55%     24.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          314      2.87%     27.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          236      2.16%     29.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          242      2.21%     31.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          238      2.18%     34.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          460      4.21%     38.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          603      5.51%     43.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          232      2.12%     45.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          188      1.72%     47.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          182      1.66%     49.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          166      1.52%     50.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          207      1.89%     52.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          267      2.44%     55.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          792      7.24%     62.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          440      4.02%     66.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          241      2.20%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          188      1.72%     70.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          169      1.55%     71.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          167      1.53%     73.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          193      1.76%     75.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          251      2.29%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          985      9.01%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           69      0.63%     87.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           55      0.50%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           35      0.32%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           32      0.29%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           27      0.25%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           19      0.17%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.11%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           21      0.19%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           19      0.17%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           21      0.19%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.10%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           18      0.16%     89.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           17      0.16%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           12      0.11%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           15      0.14%     89.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.11%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.09%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           16      0.15%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           15      0.14%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.05%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.07%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           19      0.17%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.06%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.05%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.05%     90.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           10      0.09%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.07%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.05%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            8      0.07%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.06%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.05%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.06%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.06%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.05%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.02%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.05%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.05%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.05%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.05%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.04%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.06%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           13      0.12%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.04%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.04%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.03%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.03%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.02%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.03%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.04%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.03%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.04%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.04%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.05%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.04%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            6      0.05%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            4      0.04%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.05%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.05%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.04%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.05%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           10      0.09%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.03%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.03%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.04%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.04%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.04%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.04%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.03%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.04%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            6      0.05%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.03%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.05%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.03%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.05%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.05%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.04%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            7      0.06%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.05%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.05%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.07%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.05%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           13      0.12%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           13      0.12%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          622      5.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10937                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      123299250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3056853000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748390000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2185163750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         823.76                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14599.10                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20422.86                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.54                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.54                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.56                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143086                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69899                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249376.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256637950                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14332992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14332992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14332992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409021500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710052000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741114                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5549994                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862657                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104550                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1416                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73105966                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466764                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               715                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467479                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571314                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2131                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573445                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375285                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375386                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111698149                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23405315                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265158113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741114                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401654                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38730154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           69110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39733853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375285                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101926653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.601460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63196499     62.00%     62.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351487      1.33%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568725      2.52%     65.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275192      1.25%     67.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1538969      1.51%     68.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           799991      0.78%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882422      1.85%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113707      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199661     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101926653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.373881                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31784392                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31361978                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31871627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6853403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55252                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856770                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265119621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55252                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33968677                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13762967                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       121439                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36558735                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17459582                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265062062                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16059699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226126507                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370805811                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258183123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622688                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           406278                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2507                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52639004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73141579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9619616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       674144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256444770                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2981                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256254509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5032                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       402653                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       359502                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101926653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514107                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10715205     10.51%     10.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18978094     18.62%     29.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23478445     23.03%     52.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21183653     20.78%     72.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15051934     14.77%     87.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9147876      8.97%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2865941      2.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       418236      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87269      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101926653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13222      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        437663     13.52%     13.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       228768      7.07%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1218643     37.66%     58.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1338014     41.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339169     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697527      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588709     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551605      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540610      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118531     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469133      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256254509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.294170                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3236310                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012629                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    458842231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177739081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177132481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158834782                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115248                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081019                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179739679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79751016                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9867336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129339                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          196                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3991                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37679                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          609                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55252                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4022297                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        315621                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264998152                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73141579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1596                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           7739                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25444                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3991                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256235660                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73105978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550401                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730450                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467480                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.294001                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256223022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213500                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218220500                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246115289                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.293803                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       382843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101871401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.597293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280340                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39832047     39.10%     39.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26558278     26.07%     65.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3552574      3.49%     68.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1794642      1.76%     70.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1716304      1.68%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1125363      1.10%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1753918      1.72%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1779182      1.75%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23759093     23.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101871401                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23759093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343068173                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530000947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  148615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9771496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436250                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436250                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.292265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.292265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286543092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151539768                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818706                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335397                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141772                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7945.450345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       55119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.367597                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48933045000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5590.611909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.299357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2327.245557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.616887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.676634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.284088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.969904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33640                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   33713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            97384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 97384                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14333                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         47973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        47973                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66943250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4590326250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4657269500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4609658000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4609658000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66943250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9199984250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9266927500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66943250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9199984250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9266927500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       108032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              109078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        97384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             97384                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             88663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       196695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               197741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       196695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              197741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.690928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838343                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.838343                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756105                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.757026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756105                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.757026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68800.873587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61704.568368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61796.185232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62016.117315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62016.117315                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68800.873587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61860.277901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61905.390962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68800.873587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61860.277901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61905.390962                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55775750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3735604750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3791380500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3756059000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3756059000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55775750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7491663750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7547439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55775750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7491663750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7547439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.690928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.838343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.757026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.756105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.757026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57323.484070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50215.140741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50306.913023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50532.207722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50532.207722                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57323.484070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50373.608141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50418.781522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57323.484070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50373.608141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50418.781522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   338193751                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             109078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            109075                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            97384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            88663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           88663                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       490772                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       492863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18820928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  18887808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              18887808                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          244946500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1805250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         331239750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.762887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23377026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19036.666124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23373825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23373825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23373825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96039249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96039249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96039249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96039249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96039249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96039249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65780.307534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65780.307534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65780.307534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65780.307534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65780.307534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65780.307534                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          414                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68726750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68726750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68726750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68726750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68726750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68726750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65704.349904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65704.349904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65704.349904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65704.349904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65704.349904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65704.349904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            196291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           481.443128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87003790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            196773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            442.153090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   481.388338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.054790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.940212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62859737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62859737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24141286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24141286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     87001023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87001023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     87001023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87001023                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       375548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        375548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       684329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         684329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       684329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        684329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17221494500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17221494500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13907670451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13907670451                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6197500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6197500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31129164951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31129164951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31129164951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31129164951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63235285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63235285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87685352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87685352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45856.973010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45856.973010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45040.564190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45040.564190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14117.312073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14117.312073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45488.595326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45488.595326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45488.595326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45488.595326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4816                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    47.215686                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             97384                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       267513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       267513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       487636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       487636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       487636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       487636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       108035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       108035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88658                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       196693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       196693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       196693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       196693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5036247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5036247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4842484498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4842484498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9878731998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9878731998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9878731998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9878731998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003626                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46616.813995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46616.813995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54619.825599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54619.825599                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50224.115744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50224.115744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50224.115744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50224.115744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
