
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.181429                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                181428648000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               181430359000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31119                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31119                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9666019                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18769.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   584090260                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     584090260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4807808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4867456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2184064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        75122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 76054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           34126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                34126                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       328768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26499718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26828486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       328768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             328768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12038143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12038143                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12038143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       328768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26499718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38866629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         76054                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        34126                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         110180                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4867456                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2184064                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4867456                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2184064                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4684                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4740                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4776                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4985                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4794                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4632                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4519                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4670                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4691                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4871                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4828                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4818                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4741                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2129                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2030                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2054                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2075                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2175                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2144                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2176                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2182                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    181428356500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   76054                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  34126                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     56700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      558.820598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.742958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1134.782680                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4147     32.90%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1882     14.93%     47.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1149      9.12%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          816      6.47%     63.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          536      4.25%     67.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          432      3.43%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          351      2.79%     73.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          325      2.58%     76.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          199      1.58%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          159      1.26%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          119      0.94%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          124      0.98%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           91      0.72%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           88      0.70%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          103      0.82%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          148      1.17%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           76      0.60%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           84      0.67%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           69      0.55%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          191      1.52%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           74      0.59%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           56      0.44%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          413      3.28%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          345      2.74%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           34      0.27%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           13      0.10%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.11%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           18      0.14%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           16      0.13%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            6      0.05%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.08%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           13      0.10%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.12%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           11      0.09%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.06%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           13      0.10%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.06%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.02%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            9      0.07%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.04%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.06%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.06%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           10      0.08%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.04%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.04%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.05%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.03%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.02%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            4      0.03%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.03%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.04%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.04%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            8      0.06%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           12      0.10%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.06%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.02%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.03%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.04%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          118      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      702269500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2019094500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    380175000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   936650000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9236.13                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12318.67                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26554.80                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.83                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.83                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.04                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.95                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      70908                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26633                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1646654.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38866629                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             34126                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       186234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        186234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7051520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7051520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7051520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           191594000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          360685000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        59733186                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     48242764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       719353                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38397769                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        38094012                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.208920                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3106331                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            191116268                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1068                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        191117336                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            79980644                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4665                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        79985309                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            271096912                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5733                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        271102645                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            67780134                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               179                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        67780313                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               109715                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                362858740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68262038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              633448372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            59733186                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     41200343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             106377701                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5898276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      179547779                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4446                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          67780134                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        273018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    359198397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.763506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.020923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        252820696     70.38%     70.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6614494      1.84%     72.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6975095      1.94%     74.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         10016484      2.79%     76.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7640369      2.13%     79.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9576621      2.67%     81.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7008096      1.95%     83.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          6031257      1.68%     85.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         52515285     14.62%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    359198397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.164618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.745716                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         87478937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     160851089                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          89791084                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      16081087                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4996199                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6557671                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         10176                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      630472006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1177                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4996199                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         97253060                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        38843401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     50180646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          95580484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      72344606                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      626946286                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18408195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46894787                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    483446255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     890201237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    884732283                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5468954                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     452577941                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30868314                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1328375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       329387                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         147179044                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    194614402                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     82163170                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     76058492                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21171183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          618340507                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       549003                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         604157453                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       424893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34381641                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25317012                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          359                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    359198397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.681960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.660375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    106944703     29.77%     29.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     89795746     25.00%     54.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     65376101     18.20%     72.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     46080111     12.83%     85.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     27120051      7.55%     93.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13350714      3.72%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5208146      1.45%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3696078      1.03%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1626747      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    359198397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          861235     16.81%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4223      0.08%     16.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            18      0.00%     16.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3690990     72.05%     88.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        566393     11.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       109697      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     323574439     53.56%     53.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6613036      1.09%     54.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       998577      0.17%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       282684      0.05%     54.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       236519      0.04%     54.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55634      0.01%     54.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59985      0.01%     54.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51544      0.01%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    192009047     31.78%     86.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     80166291     13.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      604157453                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.664994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5122899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1566427546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    649716722                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    598411453                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6633549                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3742102                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3240750                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      605791216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3379439                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59664233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11252925                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        78122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       192915                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3746647                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       236907                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17568                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4996199                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7860668                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2272686                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    623632727                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     194614402                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     82163170                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       329377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1723982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6948                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       192915                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       551330                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       173509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       724839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     603136402                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     191117338                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1021051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4743217                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            271102647                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         57121487                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           79985309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.662180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              602103213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             601652203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         430491040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         490583445                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.658089                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.877508                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     35306118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       548644                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       709215                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    354202198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.661547                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.603903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    161207654     45.51%     45.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102831490     29.03%     74.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25854106      7.30%     81.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8787419      2.48%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5741596      1.62%     85.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2701276      0.76%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1950914      0.55%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1578717      0.45%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     43549026     12.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    354202198                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    588523434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      588523434                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              261778000                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             183361477                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              219463                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           55810069                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2998233                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         576880419                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2957555                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      43549026                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            934470244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1252666256                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  112986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3660343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           584086869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             584086869                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     584086869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.621241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.621241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.609681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.609681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        857266049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       466157682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3420500                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1819120                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1320657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         438928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     68128                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8151.576674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9432623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     76083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    123.978063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1594.215391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    70.286975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6486.822383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.197943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.053981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.194606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.791848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5848751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5848754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3619716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3619716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1433262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1433262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7282013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7282016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7282013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7282016                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35961                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        75122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  76055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        75122                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 76055                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63359750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2493798250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2557158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2616946000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2616946000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63359750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5110744250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5174104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63359750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5110744250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5174104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5887912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5888848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3619716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3619716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1469223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1469223                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7357135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7358071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7357135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7358071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67909.699893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63680.658053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63779.069187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72771.780540                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72771.780540                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67909.699893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68032.590320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68031.082769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67909.699893                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68032.590320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68031.082769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                34126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     34126                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35961                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             76055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            76055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52652250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2044091750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2096744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2203882000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2203882000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52652250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4247973750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52652250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4247973750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4300626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56433.279743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52197.128521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52295.705093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61285.336893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61285.336893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56433.279743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56547.665797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56546.262573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56433.279743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56547.665797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56546.262573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3872477207                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5888848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5888847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3619716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1469223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1469223                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18333986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18335857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        59840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    702518464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 702578304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             702578304                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9108609500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1630499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11053911250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.721096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            67781870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          60304.154804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      181426802750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.902818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    44.818279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.087536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67778655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        67778655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67778655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         67778655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67778655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        67778655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97547249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97547249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97547249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97547249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97547249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97547249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67780134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67780134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67780134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     67780134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67780134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     67780134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65954.867478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65954.867478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65954.867478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65954.867478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65954.867478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65954.867478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          543                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64327501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64327501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64327501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64327501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68725.962607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68725.962607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68725.962607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68725.962607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68725.962607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68725.962607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7356752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           457.671716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           191301861                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7357213                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.001947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   457.664925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.893877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.893890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    117781397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       117781397                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     73087667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73087667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       212692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       212692                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       219463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       219463                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    190869064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        190869064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    190869064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       190869064                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13206244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13206244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5109393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5109393                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6772                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6772                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18315637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18315637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18315637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18315637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 149128870750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149128870750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78525626218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78525626218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91627750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     91627750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 227654496968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 227654496968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 227654496968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 227654496968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    130987641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130987641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     78197060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     78197060                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       219464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       219464                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       219463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       219463                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209184701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    209184701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209184701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    209184701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065340                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030857                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.087557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.087557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11292.300123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11292.300123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15368.875758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15368.875758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13530.382457                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13530.382457                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12429.515663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12429.515663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12429.515663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12429.515663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       758627                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.192503                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3619716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3619716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7318069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7318069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3640436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3640436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6769                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6769                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10958505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10958505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10958505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10958505                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5888175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5888175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1468957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1468957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7357132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7357132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7357132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7357132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68755622250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  68755622250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19066703998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19066703998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  87822326248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  87822326248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  87822326248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  87822326248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11676.898572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11676.898572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12979.756384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12979.756384                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11937.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11937.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11937.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11937.032834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
