
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.186177                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186177067000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               186178777500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56342                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56342                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12358610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15064.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493005                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245910                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       335509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169139285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169474794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       335509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             335509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84533720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84533720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84533720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       335509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169139285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              254008513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493006                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245910                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738916                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552320                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738240                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552320                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738240                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30900                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    186177037000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493006                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245910                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1299.835227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     618.012447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1934.974278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4349     11.97%     11.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3605      9.92%     21.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          524      1.44%     23.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          566      1.56%     24.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          557      1.53%     26.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          676      1.86%     28.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1674      4.61%     32.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2780      7.65%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          665      1.83%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          544      1.50%     43.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          389      1.07%     44.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          437      1.20%     46.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          420      1.16%     47.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          772      2.12%     49.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3704     10.19%     59.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2335      6.43%     66.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          556      1.53%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          562      1.55%     69.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          438      1.21%     70.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          496      1.36%     71.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          539      1.48%     73.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          724      1.99%     75.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5059     13.92%     89.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          182      0.50%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          159      0.44%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           97      0.27%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           76      0.21%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           52      0.14%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           53      0.15%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           44      0.12%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           76      0.21%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           53      0.15%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           48      0.13%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           28      0.08%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           22      0.06%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           20      0.06%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           24      0.07%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           15      0.04%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           19      0.05%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           18      0.05%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           15      0.04%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           12      0.03%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           23      0.06%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           34      0.09%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           14      0.04%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           26      0.07%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           13      0.04%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           15      0.04%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.02%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            7      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.02%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.02%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            9      0.02%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            8      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.01%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.02%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           11      0.03%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           11      0.03%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           10      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           12      0.03%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           26      0.07%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           17      0.05%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           26      0.07%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.02%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.02%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           10      0.03%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           15      0.04%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.01%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.01%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.02%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.01%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           10      0.03%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.01%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.01%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           11      0.03%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            8      0.02%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            7      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           10      0.03%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            6      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           12      0.03%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            6      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.02%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            9      0.02%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           11      0.03%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.01%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            7      0.02%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            9      0.02%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.02%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           20      0.06%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.01%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           25      0.07%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.01%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            8      0.02%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.01%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.01%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.01%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.01%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           11      0.03%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.01%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            9      0.02%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.02%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.02%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.01%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           13      0.04%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.01%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            9      0.02%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            5      0.01%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            9      0.02%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            9      0.02%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            9      0.02%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.02%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           10      0.03%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           11      0.03%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            9      0.02%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           14      0.04%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           20      0.06%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           48      0.13%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2124      5.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      338854750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10008731000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464945000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7204931250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         687.35                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14614.79                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20302.14                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.47                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.47                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.53                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471169                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       251959.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    254008170                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245910                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290496                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338568500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28922688                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10000172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13820                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18381584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18370607                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940283                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242285800                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4490                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242290290                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81092867                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2250                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81095117                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323378667                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6740                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323385407                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77421587                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               102                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77421689                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                372354134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77465399                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878509451                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28922688                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27823461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128306921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          172051                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      134610719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1559                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77421587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7293                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    340523942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.579876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.571295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        212217021     62.32%     62.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473839      1.31%     63.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8511007      2.50%     66.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4220870      1.24%     67.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5092104      1.50%     68.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643156      0.78%     69.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6235411      1.83%     71.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689946      1.08%     72.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93440588     27.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    340523942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077675                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.359339                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105375575                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     106716262                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105400045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22893297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         138762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9466282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878411138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         138762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112342253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        47067583                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       374204                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120952909                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59648230                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878273673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          31256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54789822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749286751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228646000                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855164485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373481515                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           998770                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5804                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3722                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         176354221                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242368797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81159142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37970903                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3296370                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849773670                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849335884                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13559                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1013099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       829931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    340523942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.494203                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.579196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     36318447     10.67%     10.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62626225     18.39%     29.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     80967496     23.78%     52.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69812989     20.50%     73.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51666731     15.17%     88.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     28167356      8.27%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9256926      2.72%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1371736      0.40%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       336036      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    340523942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           62004      0.56%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1365037     12.30%     12.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       718340      6.48%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4134884     37.27%     56.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4813414     43.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299347422     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887619      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962228     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48251955      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320082      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242319527     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81099645      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849335884                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.280990                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11093679                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013062                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1523600607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588428664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587007239                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526702341                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262379632                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262232054                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595969833                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264459337                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32415209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       318241                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          743                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14781                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112228                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1502                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         138762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13643309                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        626502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878126384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242368797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81159142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          50023                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         33720                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        14781                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10215                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14440                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849289301                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242290300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28345849                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323385419                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896157                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81095119                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.280864                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849262545                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849239293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722936876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         818593280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.280730                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       947995                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    340385180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.576760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.275986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    135378243     39.77%     39.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87235941     25.63%     65.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11545909      3.39%     68.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6131400      1.80%     70.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5734787      1.68%     72.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3971421      1.17%     73.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5779552      1.70%     75.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5968126      1.75%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78639801     23.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    340385180                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78639801                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1139730108                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756216934                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  493299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31830192                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.438705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.438705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.279436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.279436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949679086                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502222010                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277943473                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246496956                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396967                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485099                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8069.117577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      512324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.038626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5575.948905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.592334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2484.590355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.782271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.203711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.680658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.303295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       315160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  315234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           443099                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                443099                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       129197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                129197                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        444357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   444431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       444357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  444431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245990                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245990                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493006                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66002750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15047554000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15113556750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15348245750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15348245750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66002750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30395799750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30461802500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66002750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30395799750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30461802500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       561200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              562250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       443099                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            443099                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       375187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            375187                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       936387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               937437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       936387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              937437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.439335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.655646                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.525908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.525908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67625.768443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61158.974151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61184.525496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62393.779219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62393.779219                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67625.768443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61776.313944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61787.894062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67625.768443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61776.313944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61787.894062                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245910                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54790250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12220501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12275291250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12523366250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12523366250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54790250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24743867250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24798657500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54790250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24743867250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24798657500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.438418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.439335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.655646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.655646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.525908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.525456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.525908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56137.551230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49668.757113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49694.316360                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50910.062401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50910.062401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56137.551230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50289.346686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50300.924330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56137.551230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50289.346686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50300.924330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   474570673                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             562250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            562248                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           443099                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           375187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          375187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2315871                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2317971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     88286976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  88354176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              88354176                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1133367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1813250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1524389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77423331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62792.644769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.577304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.246695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77420130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77420130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77420130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77420130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77420130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77420130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1457                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94298249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94298249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94298249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94298249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94298249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94298249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77421587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77421587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77421587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77421587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77421587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77421587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64720.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64720.829787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64720.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64720.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64720.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64720.829787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67803250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67803250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67803250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67803250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67803250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67803250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64574.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64574.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64574.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            936139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           325.931592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           287599662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            936465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            307.112024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   325.916287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.015304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.636555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.636585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207797995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207797995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79796454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79796454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    287594449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287594449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    287594449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287594449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2068483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2068483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1247333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1247333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3315816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3315816                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3315816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3315816                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65080944750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65080944750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49537505719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49537505719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114618450469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 114618450469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114618450469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 114618450469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209866478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209866478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290910265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290910265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290910265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290910265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31463.127688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31463.127688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39714.739944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39714.739944                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34567.192652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34567.192652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34567.192652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34567.192652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7303                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.432857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       443099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            443099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1507271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1507271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       872159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       872159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2379430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2379430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2379430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2379430                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       561212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       561212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       375174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       375174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       936386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       936386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       936386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       936386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18767587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18767587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17025341999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17025341999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35792929749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35792929749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35792929749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35792929749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33441.173300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33441.173300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45379.855744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45379.855744                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38224.546019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38224.546019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38224.546019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38224.546019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
