
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.219253                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                219252627000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               219254338000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36326                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36326                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11543969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18992.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689939816                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689939816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       158502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       929120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1087622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       158502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             158502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       158502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       929120                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1090541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3726                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3736                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       238464                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 238464                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    219252347000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3726                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1358.265060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     247.962356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2662.494884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             83     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           10      6.02%     56.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.61%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            8      4.82%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.41%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.61%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.81%     72.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.81%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.81%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.60%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.41%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.60%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.60%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.60%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.60%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      1.20%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.81%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.60%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.60%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.60%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.60%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.60%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.60%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.60%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.60%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        8294750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  80178500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18630000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53253750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2226.18                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14292.47                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21518.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.09                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3560                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     58686388.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1090541                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 239104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17691000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23393992                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21876723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1267099                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23307789                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23219947                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623122                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           82469                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            332035598                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        332035797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133103110                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133104531                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465138708                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1620                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465140328                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65674413                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65674541                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                438505254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65775066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              775050268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23393992                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23302416                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107726077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9985441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      256255172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65674413                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8632                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    438456849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        330730772     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1350744      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1283612      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3             9973      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2625756      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           162160      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152055      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20257989      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62883788     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    438456849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053349                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        102798792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     220433623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40606457                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      65921229                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8696747                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1434486                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765470459                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8696747                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        106303601                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        33781696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4819550                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         103101188                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     181754066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      760062659                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     180471261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593445200                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085548724                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1083938836                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1609888                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538484185                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         54961015                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       318078                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300346661                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346824504                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141862229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193402404                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95237781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          756925318                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         721084431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     66986126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58598096                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    438456849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     89223382     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    122158662     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    128204684     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55713796     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     40589809      9.26%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2471579      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9413      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        82788      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2736      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    438456849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4165      0.35%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          204      0.02%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          84851      7.10%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1106012     92.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158075      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216654215     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35742906      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421190      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242840      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11616      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79782      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334583413     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133188173     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      721084431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644415                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1195236                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1879321241                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822679190                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    717003048                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2502563                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1254223                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1251073                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720870205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1251387                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132499903                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32143332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          879                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        21992                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12416969                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          971                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8696747                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          153766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          6463                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    757017015                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346824504                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141862229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2588                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        21992                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1265833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1160                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1266993                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718448464                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     332035801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2635967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91469                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465140333                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22021046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133104532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638403                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718266090                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718254121                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546649338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546975739                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637960                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999403                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     66990948                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1266787                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    429760102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177420121     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    137858133     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40108173      9.33%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2776309      0.65%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12524      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18898169      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17865990      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16680344      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     18140339      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    429760102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    690025407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      690025407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444126432                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314681172                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21930564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1249425                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         687997473                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      18140339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1168634610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522730241                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                     744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   48405                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689936425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689936425                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689936425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021588371                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       562140566                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874692                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845734                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181178                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3577.487296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       12697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.283424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2075.590490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   387.651778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   878.244807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.253368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.047321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.436705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5619                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             8770                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  8770                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2225                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          7787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     7844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         7787                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    7844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36140750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85440750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       121581500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113211000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     113211000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36140750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198651750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        234792500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36140750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198651750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       234792500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                7555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8770                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              8770                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              4016                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.256254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.445966                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.322098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.322098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66435.202206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61379.849138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62800.361570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63211.055276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63211.055276                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66435.202206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62410.226202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62997.719345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66435.202206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62410.226202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62997.719345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29898250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69440250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99338500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92620000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92620000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29898250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162060250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    191958500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29898250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162060250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    191958500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.200173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.256254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.445966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.322098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.290155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.322098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54960.018382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49885.237069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51311.208678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51714.126186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51714.126186                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54960.018382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50914.310399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51504.829622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54960.018382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50914.310399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51504.829622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5937261                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              7554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             8770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             4016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            4016                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        30710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        31911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        38400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1263360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   1301760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               1301760                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           18940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1035249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          17242250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           462.836249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65676773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          83240.523447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   346.729416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   116.106833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.677206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.226771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65673558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65673558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65673558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65673558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65673558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65673558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51000499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     51000499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51000499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     51000499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51000499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     51000499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65674413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65674413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65674413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65674413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65674413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65674413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59649.706433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59649.706433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59649.706433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59649.706433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59649.706433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59649.706433                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37314751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37314751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37314751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37314751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     37314751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37314751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62087.772047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62087.772047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62087.772047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62087.772047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62087.772047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62087.772047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             10544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           503.890717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           328951583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             11048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          29774.763125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.885164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.984151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    199518338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       199518338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    129432455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      129432455                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    328950793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        328950793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    328950793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       328950793                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         16466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        29194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          29194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        29194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         29194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    674336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    674336500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    639327091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    639327091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1313663591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1313663591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1313663591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1313663591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199534804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199534804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129445183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129445183                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328979987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328979987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328979987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328979987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40953.267339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40953.267339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50229.972580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50229.972580                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44997.725252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44997.725252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44997.725252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44997.725252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5244                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               310                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.916129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              8770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         9515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18227                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148294250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148294250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    139564498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139564498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287858748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    287858748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287858748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    287858748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21334.232485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21334.232485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34752.116036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34752.116036                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26247.720252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26247.720252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26247.720252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26247.720252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
