
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.186119                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                186119175000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               186120885500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55262                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55262                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12118081                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15358.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31490624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31553088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245918                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       335613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169196022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169531635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       335613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             335613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84562765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84562765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84562765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       335613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169196022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              254094399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493018                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245918                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738936                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31553088                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738752                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31553088                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738752                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        2                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30737                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30916                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15418                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15396                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    186119145000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493018                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245918                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1297.064441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     618.495328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1940.074553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4381     12.03%     12.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3462      9.51%     21.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          509      1.40%     22.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          538      1.48%     24.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          504      1.38%     25.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          629      1.73%     27.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1832      5.03%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3338      9.17%     41.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          399      1.10%     42.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          452      1.24%     44.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          311      0.85%     44.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          381      1.05%     45.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          352      0.97%     46.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          499      1.37%     48.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4487     12.32%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2565      7.04%     67.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          373      1.02%     68.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          300      0.82%     69.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          271      0.74%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          314      0.86%     71.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          377      1.04%     72.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          622      1.71%     73.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6066     16.66%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          183      0.50%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           62      0.17%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           40      0.11%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.04%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           18      0.05%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.03%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.03%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           43      0.12%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           37      0.10%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           36      0.10%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.04%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.02%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           13      0.04%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.02%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.02%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.02%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.02%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           13      0.04%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           12      0.03%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.01%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.02%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           11      0.03%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           18      0.05%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.02%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.01%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.02%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.01%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.01%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.01%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.01%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.01%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           10      0.03%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.02%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.02%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.02%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.02%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           11      0.03%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           21      0.06%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           19      0.05%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           36      0.10%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.02%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           11      0.03%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            9      0.02%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           19      0.05%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            9      0.02%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           12      0.03%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.02%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           10      0.03%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           15      0.04%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           35      0.10%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           12      0.03%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            8      0.02%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.01%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.01%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            5      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            9      0.02%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           17      0.05%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.01%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           25      0.07%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            6      0.02%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           10      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.02%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           10      0.03%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            7      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           10      0.03%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            6      0.02%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.01%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            8      0.02%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.01%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            8      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           10      0.03%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            9      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.02%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            6      0.02%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.01%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.01%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           10      0.03%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.02%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           12      0.03%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            7      0.02%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           17      0.05%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            6      0.02%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           14      0.04%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           36      0.10%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2177      5.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      348576500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10024912750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465080000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7211256250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         707.03                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14626.82                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20333.85                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.56                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.83                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471098                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       251874.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    254094056                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247021                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245997                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47291776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47291776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353140000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338690250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28916395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10000133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13790                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366957                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.939999                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9450268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242277951                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4790                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282741                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81103014                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81105266                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323380965                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7042                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323388007                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77409341                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                89                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77409430                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                372238350                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77452570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878435350                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28916395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27817225                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128292821                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          161987                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      134547776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1466                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77409341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          6613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    340425794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.580402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.571504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        212132973     62.31%     62.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472065      1.31%     63.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510923      2.50%     66.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218489      1.24%     67.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090460      1.50%     68.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643118      0.78%     69.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231814      1.83%     71.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689958      1.08%     72.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435994     27.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    340425794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.359873                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105404360                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     106610637                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105517722                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22762497                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         130577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9462580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878343946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1546                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         130577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112399617                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46957317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       377001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120939595                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59621686                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878210000                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            31                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          37691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54769443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749243843                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228567663                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855124396                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373443267                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           955862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5834                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3742                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         176480562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242358152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81152157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     34443167                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2430674                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849725530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6908                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849320012                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        10497                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       954043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       768125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          146                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    340425794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.494876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.583951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     36431871     10.70%     10.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63271250     18.59%     29.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     79815448     23.45%     52.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70008355     20.56%     73.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51116517     15.02%     88.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     28828877      8.47%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9253441      2.72%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1338578      0.39%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       361457      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    340425794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           81657      0.74%      0.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1390382     12.66%     13.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       709882      6.46%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4020159     36.61%     56.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4780329     43.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299337274     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887619      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957007     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48251955      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320060      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242310253     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81108438      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849320012                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.281656                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10982409                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1523490467                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588367614                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587005467                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526568257                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262331509                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262224160                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595966341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264335687                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32392465                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307596                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          725                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12752                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105243                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          939                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         130577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13708862                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        633358                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878070923                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8074                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242358152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81152157                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          59472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         34740                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12752                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849278048                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        41964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28338485                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323388015                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81105268                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.281544                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849251839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849229627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722913054                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         818275056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.281414                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883460                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       892548                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13317                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    340295217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.577441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.276970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    135400681     39.79%     39.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87166119     25.61%     65.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11508888      3.38%     68.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6137895      1.80%     70.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5684045      1.67%     72.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3967328      1.17%     73.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5819549      1.71%     75.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5882576      1.73%     76.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78728136     23.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    340295217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78728136                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1139496363                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756097610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  491936                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31812556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.438569                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.438569                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.280145                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.280145                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949682020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502210973                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934873                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488531                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485122                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8104.670123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      501295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.016228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5593.954974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.642593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2502.086947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.782330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.203280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       322795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  322869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           424875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                424875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       105146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                105146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        427941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   428015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       427941                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  428015                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245997                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493018                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15045905250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15112932250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15365843500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15365843500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30411748750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30478775750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30411748750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30478775750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       568840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              569890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       424875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            424875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            351143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       919983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               921033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       919983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              921033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.433454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.700561                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.535288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.535288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68675.204918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61151.030299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61180.758923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62463.540206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62463.540206                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68675.204918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61807.221233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61820.817394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68675.204918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61807.221233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61820.817394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245918                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55813000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12218795750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12274608750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12540754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12540754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55813000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24759550250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24815363250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55813000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24759550250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24815363250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.432538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.433454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.700561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.535288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.534838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.535288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57185.450820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49660.817127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49690.547565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50979.298528                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50979.298528                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57185.450820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50319.993517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50333.584676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57185.450820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50319.993517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50333.584676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   462810906                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             569890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            569888                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           424875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           351143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          351143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2264839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2266939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     86070784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  86137984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              86137984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1097829000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1499850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77411082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62782.710462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.577198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.246722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77407881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77407881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77407881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77407881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77407881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77407881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95763749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95763749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95763749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95763749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95763749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95763749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77409341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77409341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77409341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77409341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65591.608904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65591.608904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65591.608904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65591.608904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65591.608904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65591.608904                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68829000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68829000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68829000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65551.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65551.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65551.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65551.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65551.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65551.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            919845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           215.966162                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           287903191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            920061                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            312.917503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   215.951068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.015094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.421779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.421809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208042493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208042493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79855485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79855485                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    287897978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287897978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    287897978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287897978                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1838946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1838946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1188302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1188302                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3027248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3027248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3027248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3027248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  62850176750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  62850176750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48832840966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48832840966                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111683017716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111683017716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111683017716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111683017716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209881439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209881439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290925226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290925226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290925226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290925226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014662                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34177.282394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34177.282394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41094.638371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41094.638371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36892.589479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36892.589479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36892.589479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36892.589479                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.584098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       424875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            424875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1270095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1270095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       837171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       837171                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2107266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2107266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2107266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2107266                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       568851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       568851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       351131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       351131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       919982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       919982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       919982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       919982                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18849948500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18849948500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16781916249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16781916249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35631864749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35631864749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35631864749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35631864749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33136.882066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33136.882066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47793.889600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47793.889600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38731.045552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38731.045552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38731.045552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38731.045552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
