
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056308                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56308155000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56309866000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31317                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31317                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12141880                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4637.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3320320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3369600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1600384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1600384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51880                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       875184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     58966947                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                59842131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       875184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             875184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          28421887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               28421887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          28421887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       875184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     58966947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               88264018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52650                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25006                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77656                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3369600                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1600384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3369600                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1600384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3403                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3279                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3475                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3203                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3164                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3305                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3178                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3136                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1645                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1669                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1572                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1494                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1475                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1513                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1511                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56307874500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52650                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25006                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        17919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      276.947598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     125.935694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     732.857514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           9964     55.61%     55.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2784     15.54%     71.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1163      6.49%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          720      4.02%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          647      3.61%     85.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          583      3.25%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          309      1.72%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          179      1.00%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           89      0.50%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           79      0.44%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           57      0.32%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           86      0.48%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           37      0.21%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           33      0.18%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           38      0.21%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           50      0.28%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           30      0.17%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           29      0.16%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           19      0.11%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          123      0.69%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           26      0.15%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           23      0.13%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          305      1.70%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          247      1.38%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           24      0.13%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.09%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            8      0.04%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            7      0.04%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           15      0.08%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            5      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.04%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.03%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.03%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.02%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          17919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      755882750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1733437750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    263215000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   714340000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14358.66                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13569.52                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32928.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          59.84                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          28.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  59.84                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  28.42                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.91                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45761                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13964                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  55.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       725093.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     88264018                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       130306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        130306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4969984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4969984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4969984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          249712250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3500792                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3319877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       220889                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1332545                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1299758                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.539520                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36669                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66134734                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1191                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66135925                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21625497                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4305                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21629802                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87760231                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5496                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87765727                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11725814                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11725945                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112616310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12011001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161996506                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3500792                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1336427                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21137406                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2164169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       74533372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11725814                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34703                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    109537799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.478910                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.078201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         88400393     80.70%     80.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           429899      0.39%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           313327      0.29%     81.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            99319      0.09%     81.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           105821      0.10%     81.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            74956      0.07%     81.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34868      0.03%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           999004      0.91%     82.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19080212     17.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    109537799                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.438482                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20990008                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      65705336                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12287860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8702389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1852205                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       139436                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           324                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160869448                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1019                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1852205                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23475452                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        21721565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4507913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18187014                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      39793649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159400771                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         924451                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      38066037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    133081753                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     233041722                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229909338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3132384                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11995693                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       168324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          68852199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68808476                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22658008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43839055                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10151103                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158323842                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          274                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151518550                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17060                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12989167                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11067566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    109537799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.383254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245698                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     29618082     27.04%     27.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     39035879     35.64%     62.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19917635     18.18%     80.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     12906359     11.78%     92.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6596820      6.02%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1282511      1.17%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       135614      0.12%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        44387      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          512      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    109537799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             413      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            577      0.06%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         881239     97.39%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         22603      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60772829     40.11%     40.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1316221      0.87%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       855357      0.56%     41.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80585      0.05%     41.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       284395      0.19%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57443      0.04%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65508      0.04%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66360578     43.80%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21657981     14.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151518550                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.345441                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              904871                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005972                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    409594506                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168900639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148974515                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3902324                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2505126                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1917493                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150403029                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1952739                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     26996776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5504986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13087                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        93268                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1488168                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11747                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1852205                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         3552422                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        316417                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158449065                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68808476                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22658008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          64962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         94190                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        93268                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        71183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       152107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       223290                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151212240                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66135927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       306310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124949                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87765729                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3076572                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21629802                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.342721                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              151052798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150892008                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125035306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127099631                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.339877                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983758                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13113515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       220577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    107685594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.349491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.940172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     38695356     35.93%     35.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42408927     39.38%     75.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14295561     13.28%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2210603      2.05%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1888255      1.75%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1146387      1.06%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       659004      0.61%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       602151      0.56%     94.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5779350      5.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    107685594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5779350                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            260325685                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           318725069                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  147561                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3078511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.775432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.775432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.289603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.289603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218872231                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124774105                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1912315                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1521530                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44769                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8153.642300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      382352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.230696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               53991752000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6098.265632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    79.862700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1974.740316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.616021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.157631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.744417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.241057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       279757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  279757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           129644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                129644                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59353                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 59353                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        339110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   339110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       339110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  339110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52651                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52616500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1815964000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1868580500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2049076750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2049076750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52616500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3865040750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3917657250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52616500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3865040750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3917657250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       304501                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              305272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       129644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            129644                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        86489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             86489                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               391761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              391761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.083581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.313751                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.134396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.134396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.487678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73390.074361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73234.587498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75511.377874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75511.377874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.487678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74499.628951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74408.031186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68244.487678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74499.628951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74408.031186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43770500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1531802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1575572500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1737360250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737360250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43770500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3269162250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312932750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43770500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3269162250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312932750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.083581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.313751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.134396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.134396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56771.076524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61905.997414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61750.832843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64024.183741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64024.183741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56771.076524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63013.921550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62922.503846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56771.076524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63013.921550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62922.503846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   592629185                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             305272                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            305271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           129644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            86489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           86489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       911624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       913165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     33320576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  33369856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              33369856                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          390346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         599073500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.360411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11727875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12229.275287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.951383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.409027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11724660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11724660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11724660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11724660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11724660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11724660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75708250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75708250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75708250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75708250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75708250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75708250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11725814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11725814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11725814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11725814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11725814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11725814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.069324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65605.069324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.069324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65605.069324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65605.069324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65605.069324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53389500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53389500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53389500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53389500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53389500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69247.081712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69247.081712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69247.081712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69247.081712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69247.081712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69247.081712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            390937                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           130.983201                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59435966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            391068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            151.983711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   130.961317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.021883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.255784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.255827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38569684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38569684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20865490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20865490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59435174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59435174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59435174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59435174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       561264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        561264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       304271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       865535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         865535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       865535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        865535                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10459880750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10459880750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11331155843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11331155843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21791036593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21791036593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21791036593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21791036593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39130948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39130948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60300709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60300709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60300709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60300709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18636.293705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18636.293705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37240.341153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37240.341153                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25176.378301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25176.378301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25176.378301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25176.378301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       573594                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.135684                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       129644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            129644                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       255779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       255779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       218770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       218770                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       474549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       474549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       474549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       474549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       305485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        85501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       390986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       390986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       390986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       390986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4932051250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4932051250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2719694244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2719694244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7651745494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7651745494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7651745494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7651745494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004039                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16144.986661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16144.986661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31808.917369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31808.917369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19570.382300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19570.382300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19570.382300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19570.382300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
