
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042935                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42935043500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42936754500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    28201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10012595                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4288.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120930325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     120930325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3399872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3449472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1330496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1330496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        53123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 53898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20789                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1155233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     79186411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                80341644                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1155233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1155233                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30988579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30988579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30988579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1155233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     79186411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              111330224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         53898                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20789                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          74687                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3449472                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1330496                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3449472                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1330496                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3367                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3457                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3319                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3124                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3340                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3199                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3219                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3159                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3524                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3455                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3466                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3446                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1338                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1244                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1285                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1294                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1344                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1377                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42934757500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   53898                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20789                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     32821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        14592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      326.929825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     139.664121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     815.549463                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           7414     50.81%     50.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2432     16.67%     67.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          986      6.76%     74.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          855      5.86%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          449      3.08%     83.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          366      2.51%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          155      1.06%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          150      1.03%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          113      0.77%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           89      0.61%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           93      0.64%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          100      0.69%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           67      0.46%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           57      0.39%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           58      0.40%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           94      0.64%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           49      0.34%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           59      0.40%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           54      0.37%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          128      0.88%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           39      0.27%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           30      0.21%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          181      1.24%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          203      1.39%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           21      0.14%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            8      0.05%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.14%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.06%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.06%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.08%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.05%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.07%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.05%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.08%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.03%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.05%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.05%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.03%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.03%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.03%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.42%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          14592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      768014750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1797329750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    269380000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   759935000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14255.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14105.26                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33360.49                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          80.34                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  80.34                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.99                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45581                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14472                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  69.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       574862.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    111330224                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29630                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20789                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       128585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        128585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4779968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4779968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4779968                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           120499500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          255603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2915918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2825974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       200540                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1267089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1242685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.074011                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16848                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             55435232                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1060                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         55436292                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17357827                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4260                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17362087                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             72793059                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5320                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         72798379                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            10013697                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        10013827                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 85870087                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10260702                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              136041068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2915918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1259533                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17838085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1942546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       53435418                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           89                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10013697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         30618                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     83213215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.634849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.193887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65375130     78.56%     78.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           412591      0.50%     79.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           308208      0.37%     79.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            84653      0.10%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            80532      0.10%     79.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            48592      0.06%     79.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            24028      0.03%     79.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           987002      1.19%     80.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15892479     19.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     83213215                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033957                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.584266                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17622041                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      46207252                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          10136803                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7571932                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1675186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        70546                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      135042682                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1031                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1675186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19419390                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13399275                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1921383                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15658749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31139231                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      133897967                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         413262                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30121406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    112572174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     195374452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    193967848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1406604                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     101565380                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11006794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        73323                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55041377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     57890829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18280734                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36245925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7963974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          132966727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          250                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         126839544                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14329                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11958484                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9910725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     83213215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.524272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18871007     22.68%     22.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29279389     35.19%     57.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16362204     19.66%     77.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11507059     13.83%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5833226      7.01%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202599      1.45%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       135932      0.16%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        21313      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          486      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     83213215                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             403      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             21      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         652757     97.25%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         17987      2.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        28131      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      51885255     40.91%     40.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1299675      1.02%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       374525      0.30%     42.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        35095      0.03%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       125894      0.10%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26802      0.02%     42.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28769      0.02%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     55650318     43.87%     86.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17385080     13.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      126839544                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.477110                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              671208                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005292                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    335859723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143843654                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125453657                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1718117                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1145127                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       842203                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      126622957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          859664                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22403643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5084516                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11947                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        63902                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1358002                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15988                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1675186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          605258                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         33342                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133056009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      57890829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18280734                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          5521                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        63902                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        72528                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       201877                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     126564017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      55436294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       275527                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 89032                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             72798381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2544073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17362087                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.473901                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              126432145                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             126295860                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         105615896                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         106768118                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.470778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989208                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12041546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       200225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     81538029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.483939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.047590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26244370     32.19%     32.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33009224     40.48%     72.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11790208     14.46%     87.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1980388      2.43%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1403896      1.72%     91.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915025      1.12%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       427848      0.52%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       427678      0.52%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5339392      6.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     81538029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    120997483                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      120997483                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               69729045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              52806313                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2410862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             754363                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         120447146                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16584                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5339392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            209223405                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           267756521                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   30322                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2656872                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           120926934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             120926934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     120926934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.710099                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.710099                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.408254                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.408254                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        183593421                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       105829915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            840340                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           669047                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32499                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          14222                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     46001                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8148.776186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       26762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     54060                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.495043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               41541513750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5568.684624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   110.481195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2468.592182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.811859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.206326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   21547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            29341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 29341                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         25932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    25932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        25932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   25932                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               24268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        53123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        53123                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53899                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52914250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2164828500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2217742750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1815948250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1815948250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52914250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3980776750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4033691000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52914250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3980776750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4033691000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        50402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               51178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        29341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             29341                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                79831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               79831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.578979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.846962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.846962                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.675164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.675164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68188.466495                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75024.380523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74845.356215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74828.920801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74828.920801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68188.466495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74935.089321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74837.956177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68188.466495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74935.089321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74837.956177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20789                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          24268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             53899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        53123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            53899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44009750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1833554500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877564250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1537124750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1537124750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44009750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3370679250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3414689000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44009750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3370679250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3414689000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.572497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.578979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.846962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.846962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.675164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.675164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56713.595361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63543.735921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63364.862813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63339.572688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63339.572688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56713.595361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63450.468724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63353.475946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56713.595361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63450.468724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63353.475946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   162732897                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              51178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             51177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            29341                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       187451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       189002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6937344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6986944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6986944                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           83927000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1352250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         131449000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               453                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.651011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10015753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10389.785270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.604691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.046320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10012538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10012538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10012538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10012538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10012538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10012538                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76738750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76738750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76738750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76738750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76738750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76738750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10013697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10013697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10013697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10013697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10013697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10013697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66211.173425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66211.173425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66211.173425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66211.173425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66211.173425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66211.173425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          266                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53691250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53691250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53691250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53691250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53691250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53691250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69189.755155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69189.755155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69189.755155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69189.755155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69189.755155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69189.755155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             78805                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           327.698410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49634574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             79133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            627.229778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   327.669710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.639980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32870523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        32870523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16763258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16763258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49633781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49633781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49633781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49633781                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        149760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       159395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       159395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       309155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         309155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       309155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        309155                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6770850500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6770850500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9865244834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9865244834                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16636095334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16636095334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16636095334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16636095334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     33020283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     33020283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16922653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16922653                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49942936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49942936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49942936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49942936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009419                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45211.341480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45211.341480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61891.808614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61891.808614                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53811.503401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53811.503401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53811.503401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53811.503401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       602384                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5696                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.755618                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        29341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             29341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        99358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       130745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       130745                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       230103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       230103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       230103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       230103                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2430724250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2430724250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1888484500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1888484500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4319208750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4319208750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4319208750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4319208750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001583                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48226.741994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48226.741994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65915.689354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65915.689354                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54637.564514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54637.564514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54637.564514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54637.564514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
