
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.221050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                221050197000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               221051908000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36118                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36118                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11572446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19101.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689910491                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689910491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               237888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       154897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       921275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1076172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       154897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             154897                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2895                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       154897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       921275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1079067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3717                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3727                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       237888                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 237888                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   446                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  310                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    221049923000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3717                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1366.496970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     250.051356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2668.789014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             82     49.70%     49.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           10      6.06%     55.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.64%     59.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            8      4.85%     64.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.42%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.64%     70.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.82%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.82%     73.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.82%     75.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.61%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.42%     78.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.61%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.61%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.61%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.61%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.61%     81.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.61%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.82%     84.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.61%     84.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.61%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.61%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.61%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.61%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.61%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.61%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.61%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        7605000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  79292500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18585000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53102500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2046.00                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14286.39                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21332.39                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.08                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.08                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3552                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     59310416.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1079067                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1926                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       238528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     238528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 238528                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1903500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17647500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23389186                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21873415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1266427                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23305498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23217654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623076                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           81974                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            332015322                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        332015521                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133093864                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133095285                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465109186                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1620                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465110806                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65665252                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               126                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65665378                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                442100394                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65765010                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              774936337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23389186                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23299628                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107709629                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9979667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      259850358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           84                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3369                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65665252                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    442020721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.753167                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.154993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        334311092     75.63%     75.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1350233      0.31%     75.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1282976      0.29%     76.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3             8977      0.00%     76.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2625343      0.59%     76.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           161100      0.04%     76.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152021      4.33%     81.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20257609      4.58%     85.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62871370     14.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    442020721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052905                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.752851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        102937192                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     223874777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40543673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      65973136                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8691942                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1433531                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765400340                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1012                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8691942                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        106500456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        36626504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4885455                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         103045980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     182270383                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      759997313                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     180942928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593393589                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085457297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1083847048                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1610249                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538458517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         54935072                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       318143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300771038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346804353                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141858296                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193398681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95341749                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          756866087                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          228                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         721002661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     66957024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58621356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           51                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    442020721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.631151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     92304664     20.88%     20.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    123078916     27.84%     48.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    127901212     28.94%     77.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55652079     12.59%     90.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     40439663      9.15%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2547270      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        11214      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        82826      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2877      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    442020721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4291      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          205      0.02%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          86210      7.45%      7.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1065957     92.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158117      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216618217     30.04%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35742754      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421295      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242903      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11616      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79803      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334547048     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133178687     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      721002661                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.630857                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1156667                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1882682194                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822590090                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    716927451                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2503198                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1254504                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1251388                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720749508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1251703                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132498495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32130986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          818                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        21475                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12415076                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1105                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8691942                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1773001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        317330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    756957797                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346804353                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141858296                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        251113                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        21475                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1265702                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1266284                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718378137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     332015525                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2624524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91482                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465110811                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22018585                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133095286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.624921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718189924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718178839                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546559428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546884525                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.624470                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999406                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     66961084                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1266115                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    433328779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.592315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.312153                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    180776918     41.72%     41.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    138013223     31.85%     73.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40260522      9.29%     82.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2739758      0.63%     83.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12065      0.00%     83.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18899574      4.36%     87.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17772149      4.10%     91.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16773022      3.87%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     18081548      4.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    433328779                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    689996103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      689996103                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444116587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314673367                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21928905                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1249740                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         687968169                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      18081548                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1172202910                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522607035                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   32557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   79673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689907100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689907100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689907100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.640811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.640811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.560521                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.560521                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021486312                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       562075814                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874902                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845944                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181220                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79211                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3650.906211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      423338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    108.104699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2156.169495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   378.935331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   879.801165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.263204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.046257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.445667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       199888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  199943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           225167                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                225167                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        24130                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 24130                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        224018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   224073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       224018                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  224073                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3718                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35054500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85301250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       120355750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113175750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     113175750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198477000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        233531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198477000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       233531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       201279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              201870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       225167                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            225167                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25921                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             25921                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       227200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               227791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       227200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              227791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.009546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.069095                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.016322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.016322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.186567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61323.687994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62457.576544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63191.373534                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63191.373534                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.186567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62374.921433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62811.054330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.186567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62374.921433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62811.054330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     28904500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69312750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98217250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92585250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92585250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     28904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190802500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     28904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190802500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.009546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.016322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.906937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.016322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53926.305970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49829.439252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50968.993254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51694.723618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51694.723618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53926.305970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50879.321182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51318.585261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53926.305970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50879.321182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51318.585261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   131143281                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             201870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            201869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           225167                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            25921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           25921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1181                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       679567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       680748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        37760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     28951488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  28989248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              28989248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          451646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1017999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         341585750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           458.962426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65667620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          84297.329910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   339.950053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   119.012373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.663965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.232446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.896411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65664405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65664405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65664405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65664405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65664405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65664405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           847                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49921499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49921499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49921499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49921499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     49921499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49921499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65665252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65665252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65665252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65665252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65665252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65665252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58939.195986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58939.195986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58939.195986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58939.195986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58939.195986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58939.195986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36198501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36198501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36198501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36198501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36198501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36198501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61249.578680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61249.578680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61249.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61249.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61249.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61249.578680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            226943                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           334.945047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           328686138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            227278                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1446.185456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   334.939538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.654179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.654190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    199302071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       199302071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    129383277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      129383277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    328685348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        328685348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    328685348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       328685348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       213773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        213773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        59866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        59866                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       273639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         273639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       273639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        273639                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3249253750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3249253750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1157709799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1157709799                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4406963549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4406963549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4406963549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4406963549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199515844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199515844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129443143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129443143                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328958987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328958987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328958987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328958987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15199.551627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15199.551627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19338.352303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19338.352303                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16105.027240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16105.027240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16105.027240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16105.027240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6076                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               354                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.163842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       225167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            225167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        33945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33945                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        46442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        46442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        46442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        46442                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       201276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       201276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        25921                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       227197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       227197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       227197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       227197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2309125250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2309125250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    380878249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    380878249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2690003499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2690003499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2690003499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2690003499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11472.432133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11472.432133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14693.810000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14693.810000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11839.960470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11839.960470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11839.960470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11839.960470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
