
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41757227500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41758938500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26438                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26438                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9520757                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4385.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2772736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2822144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1280768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1280768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20012                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1183220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66401343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                67584564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1183220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1183220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30671768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30671768                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30671768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1183220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66401343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98256332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44096                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20012                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64108                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2822144                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1280768                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2822144                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1280768                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  2952                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2856                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2701                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2646                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1269                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41756949000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44096                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20012                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4019                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      422.965717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     166.090902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     980.956388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4453     45.98%     45.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1417     14.63%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          717      7.40%     68.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          515      5.32%     73.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          377      3.89%     77.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          254      2.62%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          150      1.55%     81.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          140      1.45%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           88      0.91%     83.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           92      0.95%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           72      0.74%     85.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           80      0.83%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           59      0.61%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           53      0.55%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           63      0.65%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           92      0.95%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           47      0.49%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           36      0.37%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           50      0.52%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          119      1.23%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           35      0.36%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           18      0.19%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          161      1.66%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          187      1.93%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           18      0.19%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.17%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.20%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           17      0.18%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.10%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.14%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.12%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           23      0.24%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.17%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           14      0.14%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.10%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           13      0.13%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.04%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.05%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.05%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.07%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.03%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.04%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.07%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.08%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.04%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.04%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.07%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.06%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.03%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.05%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.04%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.03%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.04%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.05%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.07%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.07%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.07%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.04%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.04%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.04%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           59      0.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      602702250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1351762250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220455000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   528605000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13669.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11988.95                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30658.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          67.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  67.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.86                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40189                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14228                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       651353.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     98256332                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22927                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4102912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4102912                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           112102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2654136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2569841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       185160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1207358                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1198414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.259209                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16545                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53333693                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1030                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53334723                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16968225                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4334                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16972559                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70301918                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5364                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70307282                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9568434                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9568565                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 83514455                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9799899                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              130043123                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2654136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1214959                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17047707                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1818755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       52735491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9568434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25700                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     81158823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.602329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.170511                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         64111116     78.99%     78.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           401833      0.50%     79.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           289254      0.36%     79.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            75137      0.09%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            71009      0.09%     80.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            43651      0.05%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22427      0.03%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           954650      1.18%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15189746     18.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     81158823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.557133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         16918789                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      45737116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9660941                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7270069                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1571907                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65373                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      129134845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1047                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1571907                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18703443                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13580183                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878621                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14864420                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30560248                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      128079206                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         449929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29453536                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107439450                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     186998987                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185632880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1366107                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10279946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53945472                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55725067                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17856361                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35715266                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7949251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127238283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121341799                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13221                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11221136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9474446                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     81158823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.495115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254864                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18683465     23.02%     23.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29166224     35.94%     58.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15773535     19.44%     78.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10852636     13.37%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5480394      6.75%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1084350      1.34%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       100744      0.12%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16993      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          482      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     81158823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             392      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            491      0.07%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         692077     98.19%     98.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         11809      1.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49118669     40.48%     40.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1102246      0.91%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       364148      0.30%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34079      0.03%     41.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122164      0.10%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26121      0.02%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28183      0.02%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53522794     44.11%     85.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16995892     14.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121341799                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.452944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              704809                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005808                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    322889089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137412300                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120040909                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1671362                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1111180                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       819142                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121182853                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          836252                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21646238                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4792898                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11166                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        64357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1289262                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7310                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1571907                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          683306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         49774                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127326862                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5387                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55725067                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17856361                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           5865                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11161                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        64357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64916                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       186121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121096417                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53334725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       245382                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88326                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70307284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2316905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16972559                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.450005                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              120986948                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120860051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100834597                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101892267                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.447175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11286669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       184844                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79586916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.457823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.018754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25677436     32.26%     32.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32562825     40.91%     73.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11563692     14.53%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1797430      2.26%     89.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1301515      1.64%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       864639      1.09%     92.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       379963      0.48%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       383191      0.48%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5056225      6.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79586916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5056225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            201827392                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           256195796                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   30687                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2355632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.720241                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.720241                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.388424                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.388424                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175779048                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       101020276                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817204                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           650432                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36195                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8148.740553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       42334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.956549                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               39434725000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5667.243716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   111.472300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2368.974905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.836569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.213063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.691802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.289182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        23182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   23182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            40176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 40176                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 16871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         40053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    40053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        40053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   40053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 22928                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21169                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44097                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53134750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1517416250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1570551000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1611279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1611279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53134750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3128695250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3181830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53134750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3128695250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3181830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               46110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        40176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             40176                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             38040                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        83377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                84150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        83377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               84150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.497246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.556493                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.524029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.524029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.357050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68490.916272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68499.258548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76115.026690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76115.026690                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.357050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72216.213877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72155.248656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68738.357050                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72216.213877                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72155.248656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20012                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20012                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            22928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44267250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1262928750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1307196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1368076000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1368076000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44267250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2631004750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2675272000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44267250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2631004750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2675272000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.497246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.556493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.556493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.524029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.524029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57266.817594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57004.231550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57013.084438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64626.387642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64626.387642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57266.817594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60728.574231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60667.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57266.817594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60728.574231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60667.891240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   190549049                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              46110                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             46109                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            40176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            38040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           38040                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       206930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       208475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      7907392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   7956800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               7956800                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          102339000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         135624750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.281854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9570487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9958.883455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.274047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.007807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9567272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9567272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9567272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9567272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9567272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9567272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77470750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77470750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77470750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77470750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77470750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77470750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9568434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9568434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9568434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9568434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9568434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9568434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66670.180723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66670.180723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66670.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66670.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66670.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66670.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53909750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53909750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53909750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53909750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53909750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53909750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69740.944373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69740.944373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69740.944373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69740.944373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69740.944373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69740.944373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             83119                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           335.674493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            47935688                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             83455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            574.389647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   335.644984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.029509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.655557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.655614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31556330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31556330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16378566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16378566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47934896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         47934896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47934896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        47934896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       128295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        128295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       188454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       188454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       316749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         316749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       316749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        316749                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5555339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5555339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9603053699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9603053699                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15158392949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15158392949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15158392949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15158392949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31684625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31684625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48251645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48251645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48251645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48251645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43301.291944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43301.291944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50957.017092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50957.017092                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47856.166709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47856.166709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47856.166709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47856.166709                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       536415                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   110.396172                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        40176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             40176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        82819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        82819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       150557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       150557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       233376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       233376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       233376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       233376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        45476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        37897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        83373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1796495750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1796495750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1816613498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1816613498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3613109248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613109248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3613109248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3613109248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39504.260489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39504.260489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47935.548935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47935.548935                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43336.682715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43336.682715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43336.682715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43336.682715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
