
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.331051                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                331051257500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               331052968500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35244                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35244                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11243046                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29444.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1037747851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1037747851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5027840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5088192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2328832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2328832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78560                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       182304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15187497                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15369801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       182304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             182304                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7034657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7034657                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7034657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       182304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15187497                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22404458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79503                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36388                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         115891                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5088192                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2328832                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5088192                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2328832                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4927                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5239                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5182                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4967                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5142                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5028                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2222                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2201                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2181                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2271                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2331                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    331050938500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79503                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36388                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      609.977454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     257.441003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1165.791290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3385     27.85%     27.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1578     12.98%     40.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1152      9.48%     50.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          934      7.69%     58.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          701      5.77%     63.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          507      4.17%     67.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          424      3.49%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          322      2.65%     74.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          156      1.28%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          156      1.28%     76.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          122      1.00%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          147      1.21%     78.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          104      0.86%     79.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           93      0.77%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          125      1.03%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          159      1.31%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          106      0.87%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          100      0.82%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           75      0.62%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          186      1.53%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           76      0.63%     87.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           69      0.57%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          430      3.54%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          376      3.09%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           30      0.25%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           23      0.19%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.16%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           25      0.21%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           23      0.19%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.12%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.09%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.08%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           11      0.09%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           12      0.10%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.07%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           18      0.15%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            6      0.05%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.03%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           13      0.11%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.06%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            6      0.05%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.05%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.03%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.05%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           10      0.08%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.05%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.06%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.02%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.04%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.07%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.07%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.04%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            7      0.06%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.03%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.04%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          115      0.95%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            2      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      683970250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2069542750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    397415000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   988157500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8605.24                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12432.31                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26037.55                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.37                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.37                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.45                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29620                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2856571.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22404458                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37698                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7417024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7417024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7417024                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          377031250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       129187132                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    103299512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1582548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     86207349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        80416505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.282656                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7015026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7737                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            308650839                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1201                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        308652040                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           140499309                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4693                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       140504002                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            449150148                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5894                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        449156042                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           130298608                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               453                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       130299061                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247972                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                662105145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    131335657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1140971220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           129187132                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     87431531                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             199965694                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12271956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      315904006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           99                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9556                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         130298608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        572525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    657588640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.735084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.953729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        457622946     69.59%     69.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13840177      2.10%     71.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15567120      2.37%     74.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20861559      3.17%     77.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15607354      2.37%     79.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19717344      3.00%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14604364      2.22%     84.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13372402      2.03%     86.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86395374     13.14%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    657588640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.195116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.723248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        161397781                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     286959192                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         174443728                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24433240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10354698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14762189                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         18950                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1134594890                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1189                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10354698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        178454289                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        64293422                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    113124203                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         180938290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     110423737                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1127117605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27665267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69416218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    849840017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1589746804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1579268695                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10478109                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787121844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62718173                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3070332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       744187                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         231995584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    315106639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    144835190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101811519                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35316132                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1108503227                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1240335                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1080347171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       912920                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70424950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50580147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    657588640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.642892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.716683                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    215205477     32.73%     32.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    158103108     24.04%     56.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112294842     17.08%     73.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     76973585     11.71%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     45881972      6.98%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26617515      4.05%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11060104      1.68%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7858759      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3593278      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    657588640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1928220     23.45%     23.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6716      0.08%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            38      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4965835     60.38%     83.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1323275     16.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247954      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     614521852     56.88%     56.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11457081      1.06%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1631690      0.15%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       462027      0.04%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       388688      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83248      0.01%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102460      0.01%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        78996      0.01%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    310460814     28.74%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140912361     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1080347171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.631685                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8224125                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007612                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2815128127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1173392680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1069118661                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12291900                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7081906                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5957461                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1082027651                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6295691                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83454720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22128880                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       182751                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       315995                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8241630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       578795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        65808                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10354698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17689680                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4965731                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1120267325                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       118974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     315106639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    144835190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3775755                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         21402                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       315995                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169695                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       431196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1600891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1078264839                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     308652042                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2082332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10523763                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            449156044                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        123251988                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          140504002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.628540                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1075952927                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1075076122                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         735114075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         867505076                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.623724                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73445158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1563621                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    647233942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.618366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.654444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    327679002     50.63%     50.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162520868     25.11%     75.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39525752      6.11%     81.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13240114      2.05%     83.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10201110      1.58%     85.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5335606      0.82%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3956381      0.61%     86.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3253096      0.50%     87.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81522013     12.60%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    647233942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047461246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047461246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429571319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292977759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495977                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120119792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5410482                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022406484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81522013                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1686605853                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2252188253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  249485                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4516505                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1037744460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.638023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.638023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.567341                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.567341                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1524145390                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       815960544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6238073                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2983040                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71594                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8162.399257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21325594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    267.784999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1344.880215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    94.803112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6722.578269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.108179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.164170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.820627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13211442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13211445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8151742                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8151742                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3268389                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3268389                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16479831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16479834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16479831                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16479834                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37698                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78560                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65431000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2576917250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2642348250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2725213500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2725213500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65431000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5302130750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5367561750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5302130750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5367561750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13252304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13253251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8151742                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8151742                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3306087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3306087                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16558391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16559338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16558391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16559338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011403                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69312.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63063.904116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63205.000478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72290.665287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72290.665287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69312.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67491.481034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67513.103114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69312.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67491.481034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67513.103114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37698                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54595000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2107692750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162287750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2292205500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2292205500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54595000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4399898250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4454493250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4399898250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4454493250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57833.686441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51580.753512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51721.947807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60804.432596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60804.432596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57833.686441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56006.851451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56028.542589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57833.686441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56006.851451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56028.542589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4777233193                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13253251                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13253250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8151742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3306087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3306087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41268524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41270417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1581448512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1581509056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1581509056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20507282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1650749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24856605750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               623                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.937308                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           130300350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1135                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          114802.070485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      331049422750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.103821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.833487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130297135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       130297135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130297135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        130297135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130297135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       130297135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100061999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100061999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100061999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100061999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100061999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100061999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130298608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130298608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130298608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    130298608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    130298608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    130298608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67930.752885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67930.752885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67930.752885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67930.752885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67930.752885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67930.752885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70126.980993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70126.980993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70126.980993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70126.980993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70126.980993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70126.980993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16558133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           335.193154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320024501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16558469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.326938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   335.189432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.654667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.654674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    194404880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       194404880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124635487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124635487                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487515                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    319040367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        319040367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    319040367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       319040367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29665964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29665964                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11462096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11462096                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41128060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41128060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41128060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41128060                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 329002018250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 329002018250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163164269319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 163164269319                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114520500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114520500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492166287569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 492166287569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 492166287569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 492166287569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    224070844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    224070844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495979                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360168427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    360168427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    360168427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    360168427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017065                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11090.218348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11090.218348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14235.116275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14235.116275                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13530.304820                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13530.304820                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11966.678894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.678894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11966.678894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11966.678894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       938817                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.884272                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8151742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8151742                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16413260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16413260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8156412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8156412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8461                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8461                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24569672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24569672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24569672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24569672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13252704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13252704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3305684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3305684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16558388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16558388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16558388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16558388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152153415250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 152153415250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40190059748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40190059748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192343474998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 192343474998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192343474998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 192343474998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11480.933646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11480.933646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12157.864983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12157.864983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11616.074886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11616.074886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11616.074886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11616.074886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
