
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184916                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184915648500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184917359000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57220                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12466166                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14833.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       338836                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170291353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170630189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       338836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             338836                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85109682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85109682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85109682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       338836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170291353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255739870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493004                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245908                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738912                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552192                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738112                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552192                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738112                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30851                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15410                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184915618500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493004                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245908                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1331.687866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     623.416828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1968.864572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4248     11.98%     11.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3591     10.12%     22.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          549      1.55%     23.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          601      1.69%     25.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          599      1.69%     27.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          672      1.89%     28.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1474      4.16%     33.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2412      6.80%     39.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          631      1.78%     41.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          622      1.75%     43.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          487      1.37%     44.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          573      1.62%     46.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          601      1.69%     48.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          799      2.25%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3374      9.51%     59.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1931      5.44%     65.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          522      1.47%     66.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          532      1.50%     68.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          487      1.37%     69.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          488      1.38%     71.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          556      1.57%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          706      1.99%     74.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4724     13.32%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          122      0.34%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          120      0.34%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           91      0.26%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           81      0.23%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          101      0.28%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           65      0.18%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           74      0.21%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           67      0.19%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           61      0.17%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          101      0.28%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           51      0.14%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           37      0.10%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           29      0.08%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           31      0.09%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           25      0.07%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           20      0.06%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           28      0.08%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           22      0.06%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           31      0.09%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           22      0.06%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           25      0.07%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           15      0.04%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           36      0.10%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           17      0.05%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           13      0.04%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           13      0.04%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           14      0.04%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           12      0.03%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           16      0.05%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           14      0.04%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           12      0.03%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            9      0.03%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           13      0.04%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           12      0.03%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           17      0.05%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           13      0.04%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           13      0.04%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           12      0.03%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           16      0.05%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           37      0.10%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           24      0.07%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           30      0.08%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           12      0.03%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           13      0.04%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           11      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           18      0.05%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            8      0.02%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.03%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           11      0.03%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.03%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.02%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.02%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           14      0.04%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           12      0.03%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            9      0.03%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.01%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           10      0.03%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            9      0.03%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            5      0.01%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.01%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.01%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           12      0.03%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.01%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            8      0.02%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            8      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           12      0.03%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.01%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.01%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            9      0.03%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.03%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           16      0.05%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            9      0.03%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           29      0.08%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           14      0.04%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            9      0.03%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           14      0.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            8      0.02%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.03%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            8      0.02%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.02%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           10      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.02%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            9      0.03%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            7      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.01%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            8      0.02%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            8      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            9      0.03%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.02%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            6      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           14      0.04%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           14      0.04%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            8      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           10      0.03%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.04%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.01%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.01%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           12      0.03%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            9      0.03%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           14      0.04%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.03%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           34      0.10%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2128      6.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      338935750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10000878250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464945000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7196997500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         687.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14598.70                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20286.21                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.63                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.63                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.11                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.46                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250253.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255739524                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245908                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245988                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338609750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999915                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18370716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366416                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976593                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9450019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          104                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242277913                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4533                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282446                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090142                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092394                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323368055                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6785                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323374840                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77407372                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               105                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77407477                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369831297                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77449344                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878428822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816435                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128291325                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          158886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      131993193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1562                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77407372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7280                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337864079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.599947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.577913                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209572754     62.03%     62.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471802      1.32%     63.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510397      2.52%     65.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218465      1.25%     67.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090503      1.51%     68.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643236      0.78%     69.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231636      1.84%     71.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689465      1.09%     72.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435821     27.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337864079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078186                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.375215                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105273882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104183666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105576047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22702409                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         128074                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461755                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878335508                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         128074                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112528916                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45608913                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       373368                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121076161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58148646                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878200648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53469347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749240988                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228553089                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855113261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373439828                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           953100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5807                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174993942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242357917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81140976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31802705                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2439294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849711687                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6869                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849306240                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11647                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       951385                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       770580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337864079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.513751                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35388337     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63084556     18.67%     29.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77695109     23.00%     52.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70375752     20.83%     72.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50025680     14.81%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30184099      8.93%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9405625      2.78%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1392123      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312798      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337864079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44361      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1461712     13.63%     14.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       746879      6.96%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4026009     37.54%     58.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4446088     41.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334843     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887721      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957145     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252094      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320058      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147066      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242310436     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096481      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849306240                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.296469                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10725049                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012628                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520538651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588349529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586990905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526674604                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332526                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222789                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595588160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264442736                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32694908                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307385                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          721                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12228                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          790                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         128074                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13366816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1042377                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878056302                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5799                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242357917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81140976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3719                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37298                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84342                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12228                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4180                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849263072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282452                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337746                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323374848                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092396                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.296353                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849236363                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849213694                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723374811                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816047094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.296219                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886438                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       878420                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13393                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337736005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.596971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281972                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132506981     39.23%     39.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87625245     25.94%     65.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11689756      3.46%     68.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5932679      1.76%     70.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5690450      1.68%     72.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3771494      1.12%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5796426      1.72%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5893730      1.75%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78829244     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337736005                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78829244                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136821783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756066589                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489203                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31967218                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435733                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435733                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.294985                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.294985                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949654042                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502208996                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934463                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488381                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485096                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8007.514408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      229038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.464331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5540.021945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.695397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2458.803616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.789193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.676272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       142541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  142614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           332417                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                332417                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        54136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 54136                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        196677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   196750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       196677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  196750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245988                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493004                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67293000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15042472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15109765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15344233250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15344233250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67293000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30386705250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30453998250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67293000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30386705250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30453998250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       388578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              389630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       332417                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            332417                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       300124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            300124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       688702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               689754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       688702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              689754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.633976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.819621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.819621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.714753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.714753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68736.465781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61139.064450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61169.175276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62377.974739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62377.974739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68736.465781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61758.457904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61772.314728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68736.465781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61758.457904                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61772.314728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245908                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12215505000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12271550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12519224750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12519224750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24734729750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24790774750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56045000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24734729750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24790774750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.633976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.819621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.714753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.714424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.714753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57247.191011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49649.056849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49679.170580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50893.640137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50893.640137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57247.191011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50271.286520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50285.139167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57247.191011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50271.286520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50285.139167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   353776527                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             389630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            389628                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           332417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           300124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          300124                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1709819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1711923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     65351488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  65418816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              65418816                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          843502500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1817500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1152911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77409113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62679.443725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.515148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.307996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77405912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77405912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77405912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95660749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95660749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95660749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95660749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95660749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95660749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77407372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77407372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77407372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65521.060959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65521.060959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65521.060959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65521.060959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65521.060959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65521.060959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65670.152091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65670.152091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65670.152091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65670.152091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65670.152091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65670.152091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            688322                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           457.876464                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288250357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            688780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            418.494087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   457.860244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.894258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208254380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208254380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79990763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79990763                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288245143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288245143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288245143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288245143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1324710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1324710                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1053025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1053025                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2377735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2377735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2377735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2377735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57350561500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57350561500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47109414231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47109414231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21161000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104459975731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104459975731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104459975731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104459975731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209579090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209579090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290622878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290622878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290622878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290622878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43292.918073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43292.918073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44737.222982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44737.222982                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13714.193130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13714.193130                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43932.555870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43932.555870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43932.555870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43932.555870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6121                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               189                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.386243                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       332417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            332417                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       936134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       936134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       752901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       752901                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1689035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1689035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1689035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1689035                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       388576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       388576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       300124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       300124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       688700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       688700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       688700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       688700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16861426500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16861426500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16190967000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16190967000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33052393500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33052393500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33052393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33052393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003703                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43392.866518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43392.866518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53947.591662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53947.591662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47992.440105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47992.440105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47992.440105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47992.440105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
