
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184865449500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184867160000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58626                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58626                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12769111                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14477.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       338928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170337248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170676176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       338928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             338928                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85132447                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85132447                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85132447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       338928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170337248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255808623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493003                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738910                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552128                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552128                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30886                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30848                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184865419500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493003                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1343.530362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     622.016171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1991.526221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4243     12.07%     12.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3576     10.17%     22.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          588      1.67%     23.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          648      1.84%     25.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          547      1.56%     27.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          700      1.99%     29.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1516      4.31%     33.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2213      6.29%     39.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          599      1.70%     41.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          634      1.80%     43.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          591      1.68%     45.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          709      2.02%     47.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          550      1.56%     48.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          814      2.32%     50.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3143      8.94%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1931      5.49%     65.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          512      1.46%     66.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          543      1.54%     68.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          491      1.40%     69.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          483      1.37%     71.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          487      1.39%     72.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          699      1.99%     74.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4562     12.98%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          145      0.41%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           92      0.26%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          110      0.31%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           77      0.22%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           80      0.23%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           51      0.15%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           56      0.16%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           74      0.21%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           62      0.18%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           94      0.27%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           38      0.11%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           36      0.10%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           49      0.14%     90.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           42      0.12%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           37      0.11%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           27      0.08%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           25      0.07%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           30      0.09%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           27      0.08%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           19      0.05%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           30      0.09%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           34      0.10%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           44      0.13%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           20      0.06%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           16      0.05%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           12      0.03%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           16      0.05%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           15      0.04%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           15      0.04%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           13      0.04%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           16      0.05%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.01%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           20      0.06%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           18      0.05%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           17      0.05%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            9      0.03%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           17      0.05%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            8      0.02%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           18      0.05%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           35      0.10%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           22      0.06%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           43      0.12%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.03%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.03%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.02%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.03%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           12      0.03%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           15      0.04%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.03%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           14      0.04%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.02%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            9      0.03%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            9      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.02%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            8      0.02%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           15      0.04%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           10      0.03%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.02%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            5      0.01%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            9      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           12      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           10      0.03%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.01%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           10      0.03%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            6      0.02%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            6      0.02%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            7      0.02%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.02%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           28      0.08%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           10      0.03%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           30      0.09%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.01%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            7      0.02%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           10      0.03%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            8      0.02%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           13      0.04%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.03%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            6      0.02%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.03%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           10      0.03%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           12      0.03%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.02%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            8      0.02%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            6      0.02%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           12      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            9      0.03%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           12      0.03%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           12      0.03%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.01%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           13      0.04%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            7      0.02%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           13      0.04%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           16      0.05%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            8      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            9      0.03%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.02%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.01%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           13      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           43      0.12%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2144      6.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      345203750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10004616250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464945000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7194467500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         700.23                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14593.57                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20293.79                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.68                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.68                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.28                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471677                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    232046                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250186.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255808276                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290112                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353083000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338624250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999752                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18370627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976620                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449990                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          106                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242277926                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4526                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282452                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090185                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092437                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323368111                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6778                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323374889                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77406960                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               105                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77407065                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369730899                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77448457                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878425117                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816322                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128290858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          158493                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      131864059                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1562                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77406960                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337733313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.600943                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209442455     62.01%     62.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471852      1.32%     63.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510391      2.52%     65.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218443      1.25%     67.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090561      1.51%     68.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643224      0.78%     69.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231456      1.85%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689394      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435537     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337733313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078207                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.375850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105259438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104067984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105581172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22696922                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         127796                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461744                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           481                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878332652                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1534                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         127796                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112513062                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45558612                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       372654                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121079080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58082108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878198430                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            28                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25287                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53407459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749238914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228549704                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855109590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373440114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           951026                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5806                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3721                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174884510                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242357318                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81140803                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31736308                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2436610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849709758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849305943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11601                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       949456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       768101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337733313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.590309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35341679     10.46%     10.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63048682     18.67%     29.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77611225     22.98%     52.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70380924     20.84%     72.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50020966     14.81%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30194571      8.94%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9424368      2.79%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1398072      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312826      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337733313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44367      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1466019     13.66%     14.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       750171      6.99%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4027406     37.52%     58.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4445931     41.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334444     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887755      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957213     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252131      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320087      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147066      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242310300     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096551      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849305943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.297092                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10733894                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520408312                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588345517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586990323                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526682382                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332657                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262223013                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595589064                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264450380                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32696230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306786                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          724                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12214                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93888                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          737                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         127796                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13365023                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1043814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878054372                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242357318                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81140803                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3717                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37293                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12214                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10216                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4203                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849262836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337749                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323374896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892165                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092438                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.296976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849235909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849213336                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723386389                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816045000                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.296842                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       876624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337605517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.597975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132301309     39.19%     39.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87690026     25.97%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11706777      3.47%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5935236      1.76%     70.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5697274      1.69%     72.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3773117      1.12%     73.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5794042      1.72%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5899427      1.75%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78808309     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337605517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78808309                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136710434                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756062727                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489555                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31997586                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435614                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435614                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.295609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.295609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949653516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502208407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934684                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488565                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485095                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7986.226392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      214867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.435603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5529.047290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.599028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2448.586313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.788421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.205340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.674933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       130751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  130824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           330035                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                330035                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 52106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        182857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   182930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       182857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  182930                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493003                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15044850000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15111732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15346013750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15346013750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30390863750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30457745750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30390863750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30457745750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       376788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              377840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       330035                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            330035                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       298093                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            298093                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       674881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               675933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       674881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              675933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.652985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.653758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.825202                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.729367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.729367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68316.649642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61148.729663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61177.138323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62385.466508                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62385.466508                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68316.649642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61767.035246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61780.041399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68316.649642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61767.035246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61780.041399                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55636000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12217871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12273507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12520988250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12520988250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55636000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24738859250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24794495250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55636000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24738859250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24794495250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.652985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.653758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.729367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.729053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.729367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56829.417773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49658.673289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49687.093144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50901.016111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50901.016111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56829.417773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50279.781576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50292.787772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56829.417773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50279.781576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50292.787772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   348263151                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             377840                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            377838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           330035                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           298093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          298093                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1679795                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1681899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     64314496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  64381824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              64381824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          833019000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1816500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1132199750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77408702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62679.110931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.514796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.308244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77405501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77405501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77405501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94854499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94854499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94854499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94854499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94854499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94854499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77406960                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77406960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77406960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65013.364633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65013.364633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65013.364633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65013.364633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65013.364633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65013.364633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68674500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68674500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68674500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68674500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68674500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65279.942966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65279.942966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65279.942966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65279.942966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65279.942966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65279.942966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            674460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           498.849152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288279224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            674959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            427.106275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   498.832928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.974283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.974315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208281203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208281203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79992807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79992807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288274010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288274010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288274010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288274010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1296632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1296632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1050981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1050981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2347613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2347613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2347613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2347613                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57089318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57089318500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47111090980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47111090980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21188500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104200409480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104200409480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104200409480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104200409480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209577835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209577835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290621623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290621623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290621623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290621623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012968                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44028.929180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44028.929180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44825.825567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44825.825567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13732.015554                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13732.015554                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44385.684301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44385.684301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44385.684301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44385.684301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5542                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.636364                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       330035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            330035                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       919846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       919846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       752888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       752888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1672734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1672734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1672734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1672734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       376786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       376786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       298093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       674879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       674879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       674879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       674879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16734095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16734095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16170403749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16170403749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32904498749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32904498749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32904498749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32904498749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003678                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44412.730303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44412.730303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54246.170655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54246.170655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48756.145545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48756.145545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48756.145545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48756.145545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
