
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.333749                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                333748979500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               333750690500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35241                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35241                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11198886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29801.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1050248870                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1050248870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5194432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5254528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2424064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2424064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        81163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 82102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           37876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                37876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       180063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15563889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15743952                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       180063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             180063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7263135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7263135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7263135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       180063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15563889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               23007088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         82102                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        37876                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         119978                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5254528                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2424064                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5254528                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2424064                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  5074                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4987                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  5155                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5421                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  5018                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4920                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5182                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5124                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5279                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 5121                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5107                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 5082                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2340                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2295                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2375                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2363                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2381                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2388                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2359                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2402                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2418                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    333748688000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   82102                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  37876                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     62557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4960                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      409                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      602.480679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     250.465887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1180.881477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3678     28.89%     28.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1709     13.42%     42.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1165      9.15%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          944      7.41%     58.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          696      5.47%     64.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          579      4.55%     68.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          411      3.23%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          294      2.31%     74.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          177      1.39%     75.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          177      1.39%     77.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          131      1.03%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          147      1.15%     79.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          116      0.91%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           82      0.64%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          115      0.90%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          165      1.30%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          105      0.82%     83.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          114      0.90%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           98      0.77%     85.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          216      1.70%     87.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           80      0.63%     87.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           76      0.60%     88.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          425      3.34%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          360      2.83%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           33      0.26%     94.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           27      0.21%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           25      0.20%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.09%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           24      0.19%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.09%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.08%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           13      0.10%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            8      0.06%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.06%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.04%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.06%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           12      0.09%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.05%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.09%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            9      0.07%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.02%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           15      0.12%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.07%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            9      0.07%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            9      0.07%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.04%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.06%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            8      0.06%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            4      0.03%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.02%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.03%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.02%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.03%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.05%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.02%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.05%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           11      0.09%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.02%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.05%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            5      0.04%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.05%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            7      0.05%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            7      0.05%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            5      0.04%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.02%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            4      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          128      1.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8321            1      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            2      0.02%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9409            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9537            2      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10113            1      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      698093250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2131599500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    410410000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1023096250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8504.83                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12464.32                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25969.15                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.74                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.74                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.26                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.75                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      76451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     30757                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2781749.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     23007088                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               43310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              43310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             37876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       202080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        202080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7678592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7678592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7678592                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           211493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          389331500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       131177053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    104878305                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1623148                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     87688436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        81658586                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.123552                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7127658                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            311924836                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1359                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        311926195                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           142185268                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4704                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       142189972                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            454110104                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6063                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        454116167                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           132130436                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               578                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       132131014                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               251836                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                667500405                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    133184063                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1155398848                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           131177053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     88786244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             202662163                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12505463                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      317032255                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12441                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         132130436                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        592260                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    663456393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.741484                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.956290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        460794230     69.45%     69.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14053299      2.12%     71.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15831221      2.39%     73.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21179374      3.19%     77.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15837832      2.39%     79.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20022543      3.02%     82.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14815866      2.23%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13590478      2.05%     86.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         87331550     13.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    663456393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.196520                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.730934                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        163513911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     287849865                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         176780440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24765973                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10546203                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14991948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1148895673                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1176                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10546203                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        180681626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        62668731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    114856000                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         183470403                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     111233429                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1141295546                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27780084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69925300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    860240437                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1609548520                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1598966153                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10582367                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     796285626                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         63954811                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3117743                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       755620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         234080733                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    318499162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    146582494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102471118                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35707348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1122289847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1259337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1093606189                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       923137                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     71715589                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     51509930                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           88                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    663456393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.648347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.718251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216114078     32.57%     32.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    159538518     24.05%     56.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    113584807     17.12%     73.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     77886038     11.74%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46547448      7.02%     92.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26925332      4.06%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11247477      1.70%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7962931      1.20%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3649764      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    663456393                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1961059     23.45%     23.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6370      0.08%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            29      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           50      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5038719     60.26%     83.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1355739     16.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       251818      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     622632082     56.93%     56.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11588957      1.06%     58.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1636219      0.15%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       463898      0.04%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       391730      0.04%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83219      0.01%     58.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       103831      0.01%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        78988      0.01%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    313770475     28.69%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142604972     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1093606189                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.638360                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8361969                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007646                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2847560551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1188432843                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1082228963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12393326                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7137800                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6005782                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1095368289                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6348051                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84152347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22535066                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       196534                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       315855                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8363890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       588761                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        67624                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10546203                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        16415810                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4944078                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1134227932                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       122885                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     318499162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    146582494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       755606                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3804507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11444                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       315855                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1200747                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       441446                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1642193                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1091482994                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     311926197                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2123195                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10678748                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            454116169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        125112976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          142189972                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.635180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1089126522                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1088234745                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         743536479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         877918278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.630313                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.846931                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     74777690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1259249                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1603989                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    652910190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.623662                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.658712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    330043800     50.55%     50.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163967856     25.11%     75.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39914426      6.11%     81.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13362925      2.05%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10307422      1.58%     85.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5396972      0.83%     86.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4019420      0.62%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3290336      0.50%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82607033     12.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    652910190                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1060105167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1060105167                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              434182700                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             295964096                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              503705                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          121924699                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5459194                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1034691352                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6707583                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82607033                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1705173534                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2280333013                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  169000                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4044012                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1050245479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1050245479                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1050245479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1542687479                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       825678429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6283236                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2995046                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3026109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1007412                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     74189                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.551793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21469909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     82165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    261.302367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1332.213032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    89.732605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6738.469360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.107460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.162624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.010954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.822567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13295225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13295228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8213354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8213354                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3284573                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3284573                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16579798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16579801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16579798                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16579801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        42371                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 43311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               38792                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        81163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  82103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        81163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 82103                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65433750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2683885500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2749319250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2788080750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2788080750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65433750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5471966250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5537400000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65433750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5471966250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5537400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13337596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13338539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8213354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8213354                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3323365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3323365                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16660961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16661904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16660961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16661904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011673                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011673                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69610.372340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63342.510207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63478.544712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71872.570375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71872.570375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69610.372340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67419.467615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67444.551356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69610.372340                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67419.467615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67444.551356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                37876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     37876                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        42371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            43311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          38792                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             82103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        81163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            82103                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54646250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2197360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2252006750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2342526250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2342526250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54646250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4539886750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4594533000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54646250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4539886750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4594533000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003247                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58134.308511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51860.010384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51996.184572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60386.838781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60386.838781                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58134.308511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55935.423161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55960.598273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58134.308511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55935.423161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55960.598273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4770101321                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13338539                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13338538                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8213354                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3323365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3323365                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41535276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41537161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1591956160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1592016448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1592016448                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20650983000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1642499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25011076999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.003790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           132132170                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          116827.736516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      333749399250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.422976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.580814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132128955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       132128955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132128955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        132128955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132128955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       132128955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99699249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99699249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99699249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99699249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99699249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99699249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132130436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    132130436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132130436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    132130436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132130436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    132130436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.871708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.871708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.871708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.871708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67318.871708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67318.871708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66410501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66410501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70424.709438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.709438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70424.709438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.709438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70424.709438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70424.709438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16660614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           423.538147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           323961608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16661039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.444262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   423.534455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.827216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.827223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    196737767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       196737767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    126224415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      126224415                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       495079                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       503705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       503705                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    322962182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        322962182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    322962182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       322962182                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29890002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29890002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11490484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11490484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8627                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41380486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41380486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41380486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41380486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 331479149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 331479149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164191469240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 164191469240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116746500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    116746500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 495670618240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 495670618240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 495670618240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 495670618240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    226627769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    226627769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137714899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    137714899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       503706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       503706                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       503705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       503705                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    364342668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    364342668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    364342668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    364342668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017127                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11089.967441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11089.967441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14289.343185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.343185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13532.688072                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.688072                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11978.366282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11978.366282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11978.366282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11978.366282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       939416                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             54192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.334957                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8213354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8213354                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16552139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16552139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8167389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8167389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8624                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24719528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24719528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24719528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24719528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13337863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13337863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3323095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3323095                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16660958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16660958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16660958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16660958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 153238493250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 153238493250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40457323999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40457323999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193695817249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 193695817249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193695817249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 193695817249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024130                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11488.983899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11488.983899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12174.591457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12174.591457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11625.731080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11625.731080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11625.731080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11625.731080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
