
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055686                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55685603000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55687314000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32393                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32393                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11743195                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4741.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   153603907                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     153603907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4036416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4085696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1668160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1668160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        63069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 63839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           26065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                26065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       884968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     72485809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                73370778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       884968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             884968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29956756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29956756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29956756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       884968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     72485809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              103327533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         63839                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        26065                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          89904                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4085696                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1668160                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4085696                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1668160                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4028                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4044                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4114                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3978                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4083                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3965                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4060                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4014                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4033                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4071                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1670                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1677                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1570                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1731                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1553                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1580                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1619                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1631                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1635                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1621                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1636                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55685334000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   63839                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  26065                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     40031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        24002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      239.420048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     114.722449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     661.990233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          14348     59.78%     59.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3744     15.60%     75.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1428      5.95%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          828      3.45%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          717      2.99%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          646      2.69%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          355      1.48%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          235      0.98%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          127      0.53%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          108      0.45%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           83      0.35%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          107      0.45%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           65      0.27%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           63      0.26%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           51      0.21%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           53      0.22%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           34      0.14%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           28      0.12%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           27      0.11%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          113      0.47%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           25      0.10%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           20      0.08%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          217      0.90%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          217      0.90%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           14      0.06%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            7      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            9      0.04%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           10      0.04%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.05%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            4      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            5      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.04%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.00%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.03%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.00%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.02%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.03%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.02%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           70      0.29%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          24002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      919507000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2242624500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    319175000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1003942500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14404.43                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    15727.15                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  35131.58                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          73.37                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  73.37                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.96                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.98                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      51559                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14333                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       619386.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    103327533                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             26065                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       153743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        153743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5753856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5753856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5753856                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           149212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          302731000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3987654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3800484                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       257016                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1410553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1391534                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.651664                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           37162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             69723591                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1194                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         69724785                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22184649                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4305                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22188954                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             91908240                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5499                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         91913739                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            12522294                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        12522424                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111371206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12835950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              172376861                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3987654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1428696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              22513799                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2410251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       70826290                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12522294                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         42435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108242363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.592508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.164930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         85728564     79.20%     79.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           452077      0.42%     79.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           355524      0.33%     79.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           112187      0.10%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           118085      0.11%     80.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            80756      0.07%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            36741      0.03%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1086823      1.00%     81.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         20271606     18.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108242363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.035805                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.547769                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         22115207                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      61717635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12874767                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9472240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        2062513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       145076                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      171106952                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1036                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        2062513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         24513493                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        17927372                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4500288                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          19658345                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      39580351                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      169490216                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2527                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         859012                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37969443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    142084388                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     247535443                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    244342249                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3193194                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     128574877                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13509511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       170632                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          69615840                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     72517379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23263317                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     44875554                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9877933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          168261857                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         161029906                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14519784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11828076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108242363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.487679                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.279746                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     26324594     24.32%     24.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     37776591     34.90%     59.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20548514     18.98%     78.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14335082     13.24%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7415020      6.85%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1606086      1.48%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       195293      0.18%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        40691      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          492      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108242363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             330      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             30      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         920838     98.04%     98.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         18046      1.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        68627      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      65687913     40.79%     40.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1699901      1.06%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       872659      0.54%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        82040      0.05%     42.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       287582      0.18%     42.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        58337      0.04%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        67836      0.04%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     69986092     43.46%     86.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22218919     13.80%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      161029906                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.445885                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              939284                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005833                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    427284830                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    180319377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    158342968                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3973802                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2549761                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1952055                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      159911888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1988675                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27936562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6097039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        15056                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        87965                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1588006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        19350                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        2062513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1185663                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         88523                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    168387848                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      72517379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23263317                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          14764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         23861                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        87965                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        90234                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       168270                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       258504                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     160669975                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      69724787                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       359931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                125739                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             91913741                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3483982                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22188954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.442653                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              160474314                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             160295023                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         133441230                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         135652677                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.439286                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983698                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     14679355                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       256702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106179850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.447462                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.020436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     35390022     33.33%     33.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42730538     40.24%     73.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14696563     13.84%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2360315      2.22%     89.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1932247      1.82%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1204961      1.13%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       781944      0.74%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       624833      0.59%     93.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6458427      6.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106179850                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    153691313                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      153691313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               88095651                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              66420340                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3302120                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1775775                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         152475080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36832                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6458427                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            268077115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           338808222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   54807                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3128843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           153600516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             153600516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     153600516                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.725071                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.725071                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.379176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.379176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        232384394                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       133200657                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1949144                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1549311                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          34470                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     55884                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8122.540701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       85128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.331894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5934.763614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    76.988233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2109.997214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.631918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.159723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.724458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.257568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        78215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   78215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            36638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 36638                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6125                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         84340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    84340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        84340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   84340                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 33888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        63069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        63069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63840                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2600225750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2653026250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2238505250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2238505250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4838731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4891531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4838731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4891531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       111332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              112103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        36638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             36638                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             36077                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       147409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               148180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       147409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              148180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.302293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.830224                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.430827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.430827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68483.138781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78516.343570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78288.073949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74736.419939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74736.419939                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68483.138781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76721.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76621.734023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68483.138781                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76721.225959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76621.734023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                26065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     26065                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            33888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43954500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2219957250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2263911750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1894479750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1894479750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43954500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4114437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43954500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4114437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4158391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.297462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.302293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.430827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.427850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.430827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57009.727626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67033.766646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66805.705559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63250.525841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63250.525841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57009.727626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65237.073681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65137.711466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57009.727626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65237.073681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65137.711466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   212411959                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             112103                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            112102                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            36638                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            36077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           36077                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       331456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       332997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     11779008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  11828288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              11828288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          129047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         236369000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               448                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.869175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            12524349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          13059.800834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.991405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    88.877770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.773421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12521134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12521134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12521134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12521134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12521134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12521134                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76772750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76772750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76772750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76772750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76772750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76772750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12522294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12522294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12522294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12522294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12522294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12522294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66183.405172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66183.405172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66183.405172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66183.405172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66183.405172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66183.405172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69485.732815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.732815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69485.732815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.732815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69485.732815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69485.732815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            147062                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           424.504897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            63031906                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            147487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            427.372623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.482769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.022128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.829111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     41523654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        41523654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21507459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21507459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     63031113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         63031113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     63031113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        63031113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       248633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        248633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       167773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       167773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       416406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         416406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       416406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        416406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8372333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8372333500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10442414745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10442414745                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       285500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18814748245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18814748245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18814748245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18814748245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     41772287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41772287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21675232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21675232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63447519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     63447519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63447519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     63447519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007740                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33673.460482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33673.460482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62241.330518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62241.330518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40785.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40785.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45183.662687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45183.662687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45183.662687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45183.662687                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       621163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.855999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        36638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             36638                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       137302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       137302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       131698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       131698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       269000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       269000                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       111331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       111331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        36075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       147406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       147406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       147406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3493797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3493797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2335888749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2335888749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5829685749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5829685749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5829685749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5829685749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31382.067888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31382.067888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64750.900873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64750.900873                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39548.497001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39548.497001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39548.497001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39548.497001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
