
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.054592                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 54591576500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                54593287500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32186                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32186                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11764113                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4640.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   149357546                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     149357546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3764544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3813696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1632384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1632384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        58821                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 59589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       900359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     68958331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                69858690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       900359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             900359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29901756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29901756                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29901756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       900359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     68958331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               99760446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         59589                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25506                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          85095                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3813696                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1632384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3813696                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1632384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       39                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3751                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3801                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3951                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3648                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3568                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3714                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3500                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3546                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3680                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3726                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3739                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3788                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1667                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1677                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1573                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1592                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1693                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1483                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1481                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1528                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1563                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1579                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1637                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1683                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     54591301000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   59589                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25506                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     37298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      305                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      253.643677                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     120.679126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     677.421252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          12235     57.09%     57.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3313     15.46%     72.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1364      6.36%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          928      4.33%     83.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          716      3.34%     86.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          675      3.15%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          347      1.62%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          194      0.91%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          139      0.65%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           97      0.45%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           80      0.37%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           75      0.35%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           51      0.24%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           34      0.16%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           47      0.22%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           64      0.30%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           45      0.21%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           37      0.17%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           36      0.17%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          135      0.63%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           26      0.12%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           23      0.11%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          212      0.99%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          213      0.99%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           15      0.07%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           26      0.12%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            7      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            8      0.04%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.04%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            5      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.06%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.03%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.04%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.03%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.02%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.03%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            6      0.03%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.02%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.28%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      902083000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2073343000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    297750000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   873510000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       15148.33                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14668.51                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34816.84                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          69.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  69.86                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      49666                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       641533.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     99760446                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25506                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       144684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        144684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5446080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5446080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5446080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           144571500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          282562750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3713815                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3529445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       235102                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1360719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1337320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.280394                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36927                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             67841893                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1144                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         67843037                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21943195                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4306                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21947501                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             89785088                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5450                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         89790538                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            12084768                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        12084898                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                109183153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12379751                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              166819645                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3713815                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1374247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21773004                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2246632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       70213193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          12084768                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         38821                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    106291132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.569460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.148276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         84518128     79.52%     79.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           438933      0.41%     79.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           328871      0.31%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           106757      0.10%     80.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           112633      0.11%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            78303      0.07%     80.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            36043      0.03%     80.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1027318      0.97%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19644146     18.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    106291132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034015                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.527888                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21461165                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      61290823                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12496764                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9121006                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1921373                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       142489                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      165635543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1028                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1921373                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23874326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        17919852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4524249                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18927693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      39123638                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      164112057                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         930753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37436127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    137243761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     239824761                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    236658657                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3166104                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     124733887                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12509874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       169615                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          68619097                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     70562949                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22994436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     44271263                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9822762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          162964774                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         155997863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13493761                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11357774                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           58                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106291132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.467647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     26147706     24.60%     24.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     37660307     35.43%     60.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19887124     18.71%     78.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13738327     12.93%     91.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7183861      6.76%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1472063      1.38%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       160151      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        41082      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          511      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    106291132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             384      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             20      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         898886     96.83%     96.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         29029      3.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        68173      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      63037441     40.41%     40.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1477295      0.95%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       864122      0.55%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        81440      0.05%     42.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       286000      0.18%     42.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57958      0.04%     42.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        66674      0.04%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     68082022     43.64%     85.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21976738     14.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      155997863                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.428772                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              928358                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005951                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    415293864                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    174016097                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    153393779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3939733                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2530443                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1935306                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      154886505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1971543                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27610799                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5698689                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        88426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1522942                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17416                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1921373                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1295624                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        106241                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    163090426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      70562949                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22994436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          18248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         32106                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        88426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        78657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       158280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       236937                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     155670976                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      67843039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       326887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                125404                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             89790540                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3261738                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21947501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.425778                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              155498312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             155329085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         128986886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         131129008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.422647                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983664                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13628771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       234788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    104369759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.431878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.000493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     34909346     33.45%     33.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42156141     40.39%     73.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14343368     13.74%     87.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2373272      2.27%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1901912      1.82%     91.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1209528      1.16%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       689585      0.66%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       603622      0.58%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6182985      5.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    104369759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    149444725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      149444725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               86335754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              64864260                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3100793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1761284                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         148239435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36605                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6182985                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            261245411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           328072667                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   57067                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2892021                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           149354155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             149354155                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     149354155                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.731035                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.731035                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.367923                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.367923                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        225258516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       128702123                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1931252                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1535855                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          34243                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     51659                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8138.163548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      107418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     59750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.797791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               52952175250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6026.924759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    77.738857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2032.695526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.641469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.162938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.735709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.248132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   92314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            44101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 44101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        106579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   106579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       106579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  106579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               29149                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        58821                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  59590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        58821                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 59590                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52579250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2298804000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2351383250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2193943500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2193943500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52579250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4492747500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4545326750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52579250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4492747500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4545326750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       121986                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              122755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        44101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             44101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             43414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       165400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               166169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       165400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              166169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.247982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.671419                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.358611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.358611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68373.537061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77473.847398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77243.955521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75266.510000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75266.510000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68373.537061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76379.991840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76276.669743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68373.537061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76379.991840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76276.669743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25506                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          29149                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        58821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             59590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        58821                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            59590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43757750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1958166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2001923750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1859099500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859099500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43757750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3817265500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3861023250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43757750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3817265500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3861023250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.247982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.671419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.358611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.355629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56902.145644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65993.731464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65764.059985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63779.186250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63779.186250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56902.145644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64896.304041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.140628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56902.145644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64896.304041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64793.140628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   246507188                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             122755                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            122754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            44101                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            43414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           43414                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       374901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       376438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     13408064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  13457216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              13457216                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          149236000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1338750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         262313750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.589335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            12086829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               957                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12629.915361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.420251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.169084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        12083614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         12083614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     12083614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        12083614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1154                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76212750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76212750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76212750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76212750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76212750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76212750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12084768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12084768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12084768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12084768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12084768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12084768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66042.244367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66042.244367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66042.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66042.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66042.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66042.244367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53350250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53350250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53350250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53350250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53350250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53350250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69376.137841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69376.137841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69376.137841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69376.137841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69376.137841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69376.137841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            165150                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           327.719039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            61255543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            165478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            370.173334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   327.696467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.022571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.640032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.640076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     39962691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39962691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21292059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21292059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     61254750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         61254750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     61254750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        61254750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       255612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        255612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       179356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       179356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       434968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         434968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       434968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        434968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8033574750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8033574750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10495117569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10495117569                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18528692319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18528692319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18528692319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18528692319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     40218303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40218303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21471415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21471415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61689718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     61689718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61689718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     61689718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31428.785620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31428.785620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58515.564403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58515.564403                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42597.828620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42597.828620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42597.828620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42597.828620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       620187                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   106.873514                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             44101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       133628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       133628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       135943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       135943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       269571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       269571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       269571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       269571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       121984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       121984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       165397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       165397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3344019250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3344019250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2380174740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2380174740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5724193990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5724193990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5724193990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5724193990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27413.589077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27413.589077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54826.313316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54826.313316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34608.813884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34608.813884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34608.813884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34608.813884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
