
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185379                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185379227000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185380937500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58164                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58164                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12703760                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749636                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14592.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760722                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31491968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31554688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       338333                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169878624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170216957                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       338333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             338333                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84906514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84906514                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84906514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       338333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169878624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255123472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493043                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245936                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738979                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31554688                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739904                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31554688                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739904                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30888                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30866                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15432                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185379197000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493043                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245936                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1283.055814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     573.188305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1921.352313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           5005     13.59%     13.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3983     10.82%     24.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          845      2.30%     26.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          795      2.16%     28.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          774      2.10%     30.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          971      2.64%     33.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1491      4.05%     37.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1723      4.68%     42.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          820      2.23%     44.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          805      2.19%     46.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          742      2.02%     48.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          802      2.18%     50.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          824      2.24%     53.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1155      3.14%     56.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         2047      5.56%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1491      4.05%     65.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          722      1.96%     67.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          684      1.86%     69.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          649      1.76%     71.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          713      1.94%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          707      1.92%     75.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          849      2.31%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2940      7.99%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          211      0.57%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          144      0.39%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          143      0.39%     87.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          125      0.34%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          134      0.36%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          106      0.29%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          105      0.29%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          114      0.31%     88.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           97      0.26%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           90      0.24%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           78      0.21%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           65      0.18%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           61      0.17%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           48      0.13%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           58      0.16%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           40      0.11%     90.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           70      0.19%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           32      0.09%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           51      0.14%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           47      0.13%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           42      0.11%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           37      0.10%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           50      0.14%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           43      0.12%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           27      0.07%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           38      0.10%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           26      0.07%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           31      0.08%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           32      0.09%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           32      0.09%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           34      0.09%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           20      0.05%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           30      0.08%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           37      0.10%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           21      0.06%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           16      0.04%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           31      0.08%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           21      0.06%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           26      0.07%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           35      0.10%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           26      0.07%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           32      0.09%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           19      0.05%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           19      0.05%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           20      0.05%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           14      0.04%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           29      0.08%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           26      0.07%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           15      0.04%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           16      0.04%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           13      0.04%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           13      0.04%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           18      0.05%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           14      0.04%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           16      0.04%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           13      0.04%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           17      0.05%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           15      0.04%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           15      0.04%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           12      0.03%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            9      0.02%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            6      0.02%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           17      0.05%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           11      0.03%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           11      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           15      0.04%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           12      0.03%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           13      0.04%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           16      0.04%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           14      0.04%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           19      0.05%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           13      0.04%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           17      0.05%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           20      0.05%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           12      0.03%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           10      0.03%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.02%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           10      0.03%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.01%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           13      0.04%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           17      0.05%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.02%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           14      0.04%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           12      0.03%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           14      0.04%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           13      0.04%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           18      0.05%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           14      0.04%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           13      0.04%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           19      0.05%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           23      0.06%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           19      0.05%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           23      0.06%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           19      0.05%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           20      0.05%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           10      0.03%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           23      0.06%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           17      0.05%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           18      0.05%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           13      0.04%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           24      0.07%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           27      0.07%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           18      0.05%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           26      0.07%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1802      4.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      345860750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10014243250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465115000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7203267500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         701.51                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14610.41                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20311.92                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.22                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.22                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.91                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.04                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471471                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    230649                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  93.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250858.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255123127                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1232020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1232020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47294528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47294528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47294528                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353233500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338841250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28921624                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9998863                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13638                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18380830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18369963                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940879                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452940                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242284303                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4774                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242289077                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81099355                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2316                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81101671                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323383658                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7090                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323390748                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77420747                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               105                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77420852                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                370758454                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77464485                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878500610                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28921624                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27822903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128305009                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          169949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      132812209                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1517                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77420747                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    338720810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.593583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.575806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        210415801     62.12%     62.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473395      1.32%     63.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510753      2.51%     65.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4220818      1.25%     67.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5091817      1.50%     68.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643070      0.78%     69.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6235016      1.84%     71.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690579      1.09%     72.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93439561     27.59%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    338720810                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078007                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.369469                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105319782                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104972735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105455954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22835329                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         137009                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9466494                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878402729                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1533                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         137009                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112261782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46143400                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       259615                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121076503                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58842500                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878264860                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          22310                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54148291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749275395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228634361                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855152248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373482113                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287806                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           987589                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5813                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174791772                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242366023                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81161715                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36363139                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3474215                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849764824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6877                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849343013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        10993                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       999612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       802091                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          115                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    338720810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.507502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.585002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35892976     10.60%     10.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61860490     18.26%     28.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     80047378     23.63%     52.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69616740     20.55%     73.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51249550     15.13%     88.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     28834719      8.51%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9493840      2.80%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1398224      0.41%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       326893      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    338720810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           55239      0.50%      0.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           802      0.01%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1439207     13.03%     13.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       748708      6.78%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             6      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4040210     36.59%     56.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4758327     43.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299348705     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887438      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962858     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252069      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320056      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147065      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242318598     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81105828      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849343013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.290826                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11042499                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1521760320                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588406534                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587013724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526700008                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262379662                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262234090                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595929328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264455791                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32452041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       315511                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          745                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15002                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114802                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          703                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         137009                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13556106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        681910                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878117999                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242366023                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81161715                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          43891                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         42723                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15002                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4061                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849296658                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242289083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46355                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28346298                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323390756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896357                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81101673                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.290701                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849270855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849247814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723059275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         817990399                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.290569                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883946                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       940201                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13169                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    338583801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.590468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.277700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    133225880     39.35%     39.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87559902     25.86%     65.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11636912      3.44%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6117501      1.81%     70.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5704780      1.68%     72.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4041951      1.19%     73.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5795640      1.71%     75.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5908261      1.74%     76.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78592974     23.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    338583801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097425                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050512                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78592974                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1137967511                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756198960                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  495342                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                32037644                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757331                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757331                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436825                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436825                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.289246                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.289246                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949691818                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502222673                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277945249                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246498162                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8397050                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485153                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7918.611499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      338481                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493320                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.686129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              161681133000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5493.444942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.647499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2416.520547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.793211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.205300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.670587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.294985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.966627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       180371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  180444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           404060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                404060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       107674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                107674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        288045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   288118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       288045                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  288118                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246010                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492063                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66764500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15059691250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15126455750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15342550000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15342550000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66764500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30402241250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30469005750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66764500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30402241250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30469005750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       426424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              427477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       404060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            404060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       353684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            353684                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       780108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               781161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       780108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              781161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.577886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.695564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.631167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.631167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68127.040816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61205.070656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61232.530674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62365.554246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62365.554246                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68127.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61785.261745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61797.867022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68127.040816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61785.261745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61797.867022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12232511750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12288013250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12517228000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12517228000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24749739750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24805241250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24749739750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24805241250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.577015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.577886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.631167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.631167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56634.183673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49714.946577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49742.395753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50880.972318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50880.972318                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56634.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50297.908500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50310.502836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56634.183673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50297.908500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50310.502836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   409182934                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             427477                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            427475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           404060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           353684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          353684                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1964274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1966380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     75786624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  75854016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              75854016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          996670500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1290073500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.824451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77422475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62639.542880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.548029                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    10.276422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.020071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77419274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77419274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77419274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94927999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94927999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94927999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94927999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94927999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94927999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77420747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77420747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77420747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64445.348948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64445.348948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64445.348948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64445.348948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64445.348948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64445.348948                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          420                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65105.413105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65105.413105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65105.413105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65105.413105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65105.413105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65105.413105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            779674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.786725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288033338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780186                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            369.185474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         288034750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.772527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.014198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208259275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208259275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79767900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79767900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2535                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288027175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288027175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288027175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288027175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1569199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1569199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1275886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1275886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          594                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          594                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2845085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2845085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2845085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2845085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59722383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59722383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49411692441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49411692441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      8373750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8373750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109134075941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109134075941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109134075941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109134075941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209828474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209828474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043786                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290872260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290872260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290872260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290872260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015743                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.189837                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.189837                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38059.152153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38059.152153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38727.356865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38727.356865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14097.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14097.222222                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38358.810349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38358.810349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38358.810349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38358.810349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7038                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               234                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.076923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       404060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            404060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1142508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1142508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       922471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       922471                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          592                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          592                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2064979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2064979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2064979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2064979                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       426691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       426691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       353415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       353415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       780106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       780106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17300035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17300035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16776248750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16776248750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34076283750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34076283750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34076283750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34076283750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004361                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40544.644719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40544.644719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47468.977689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47468.977689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43681.607051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43681.607051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43681.607051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43681.607051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
