
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.127572                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                127571621500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               127573332500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26472                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26472                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8624957                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750476                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14790.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   391544281                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     391544281                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        41024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             41024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       459036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4126310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4585346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       459036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             459036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            321576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 321576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            321576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       459036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4126310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4906922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9140                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          641                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9781                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584960                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     41024                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584960                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  41024                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  578                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  504                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  604                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  413                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    57                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   202                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   110                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   86                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    127571379000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9140                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    641                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4023                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1291.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     262.022719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2569.752610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            198     41.25%     41.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           57     11.88%     53.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      6.04%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           18      3.75%     62.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           10      2.08%     65.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           16      3.33%     68.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      2.08%     70.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           14      2.92%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      1.67%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.67%     76.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      1.04%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            2      0.42%     78.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.83%     78.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            7      1.46%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.21%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.62%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.42%     81.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.21%     82.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.42%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.62%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.21%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            2      0.42%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.62%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.21%     84.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.21%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.21%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.42%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.21%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.42%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.21%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.42%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.21%     87.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.21%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.21%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.21%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.21%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           51     10.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       80704000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 195071500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45590000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    68777500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8851.06                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7543.05                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21394.11                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.59                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.59                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.32                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       455                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     13042774.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      4906922                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6752                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       625984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     625984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 625984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7454500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43388500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        50732092                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     40360761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       628600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     34960869                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        31163271                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.137575                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2822705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         6332                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            113738590                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                302                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        113738892                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53754457                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2277                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53756734                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            167493047                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2579                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        167495626                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49935690                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1017                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49936707                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                99022                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                255144047                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     50379781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              433141802                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            50732092                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33985976                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              76426425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4929118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      123345666                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11195                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49935690                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        226215                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    254327191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.703089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.929230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        177900766     69.95%     69.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5437364      2.14%     72.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6201014      2.44%     74.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7944129      3.12%     77.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          6116441      2.40%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7493131      2.95%     83.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5509424      2.17%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5317316      2.09%     87.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         32407606     12.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    254327191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.198837                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.697636                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         61776393                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     112416807                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          67071370                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8906332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4156288                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5912841                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7721                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      430437917                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1228                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4156288                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         68400216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25448719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     44982698                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          69015675                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      42323594                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      427469935                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11468616                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25769257                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    319961781                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     602175592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    598026511                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4149081                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     294897908                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25063873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1239866                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       297218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          88068740                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    116286484                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     55487447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36824822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13970283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          419956865                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       495356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         408672387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       369651                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     28217441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20258010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    254327191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.606877                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.714937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     85815542     33.74%     33.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62058691     24.40%     58.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42095389     16.55%     74.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     28301331     11.13%     85.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17116889      6.73%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10326994      4.06%     96.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4256504      1.67%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2969433      1.17%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1386418      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    254327191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          755816     25.04%     25.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3317      0.11%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            17      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1730480     57.32%     82.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        529117     17.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        99004      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     235043741     57.51%     57.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      4057094      0.99%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       646455      0.16%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       182621      0.04%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       151934      0.04%     58.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35923      0.01%     58.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        38654      0.01%     58.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31981      0.01%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    114464590     28.01%     86.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53920390     13.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      408672387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.601732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3018786                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007387                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1070176877                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    446003304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    404178088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4883525                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2786920                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2369698                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      409091742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2500427                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29086227                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8769672                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        80775                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       124535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3387816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       239803                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        38183                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4156288                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7155343                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1970191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    424680556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     116286484                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     55487447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       297209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1494040                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         13330                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       124535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       452317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       183170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       635487                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     407839328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     113738896                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       833059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4228335                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            167495630                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         48285031                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53756734                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.598467                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              406895498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             406547786                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         274185538                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         326830106                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.593405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.838924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     29537357                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       495187                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       620944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    250170903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.580606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.634029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    129165790     51.63%     51.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     62023737     24.79%     76.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14841970      5.93%     82.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4731445      1.89%     84.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3774206      1.51%     85.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2068572      0.83%     86.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1546726      0.62%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1348087      0.54%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30670370     12.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    250170903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    395421621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      395421621                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              159616443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             107516812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              198081                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           46979617                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2162067                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         385414912                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2640467                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30670370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            644457171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           854081996                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   95792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  816856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           391540890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             391540890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     391540890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.651641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.651641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.534588                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.534588                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        575877192                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       306378706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2485301                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1181709                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1192382                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         396163                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1407                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7846.131873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10520111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1122.384615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6249.924859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   412.799617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1114.809703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.731329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.866365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5308463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5308523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5218324                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5218324                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1326903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1326903                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6635366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6635426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6635366                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6635426                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6752                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6752                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9141                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62509500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91596500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       154106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    420011000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     420011000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62509500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        574117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62509500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       574117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5309936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5310912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5218324                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5218324                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1333655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1333655                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6643591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6644567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6643591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6644567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005063                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68241.812227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62183.638832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64506.488070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62205.420616                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62205.420616                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68241.812227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62201.519757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62806.804507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68241.812227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62201.519757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62806.804507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6752                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6752                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74690500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126686000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342374000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342374000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51995500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417064500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    469060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51995500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    417064500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    469060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.938525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56763.646288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50706.381534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53028.882378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50707.049763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50707.049763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56763.646288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50706.930091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51313.860628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56763.646288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50706.930091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51313.860628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5951362467                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5310912                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5310911                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5218324                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1333655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1333655                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18505506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18507457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    759162560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 759224960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             759224960                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11149769500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1687000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9967418750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.520888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49937412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42901.556701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      127569863750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.860617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    40.660271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.911837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.079415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49934197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49934197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49934197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49934197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49934197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49934197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93648750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93648750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93648750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93648750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93648750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93648750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49935690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49935690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49935690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49935690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49935690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49935690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62725.217683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62725.217683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62725.217683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62725.217683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62725.217683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62725.217683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64092000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64092000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64092000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65668.032787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65668.032787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65668.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65668.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65668.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65668.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6643446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           222.727263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           119974659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6643669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.058494                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   222.717857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.434996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.435014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72255049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        72255049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     47325912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       47325912                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       194975                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       194975                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       198081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       198081                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    119580961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        119580961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    119580961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       119580961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11927667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11927667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4575638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4575638                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3107                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         3107                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16503305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16503305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16503305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16503305                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130299965500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 130299965500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63169827593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  63169827593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     42120500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     42120500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193469793093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 193469793093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193469793093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 193469793093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     84182716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     84182716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51901550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     51901550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       198082                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       198082                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       198081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       198081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136084266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    136084266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136084266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    136084266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015685                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.015685                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.121273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10924.178676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10924.178676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13805.687336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13805.687336                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13556.646283                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13556.646283                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11723.093834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11723.093834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11723.093834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11723.093834                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       288379                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             32359                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.911864                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5218324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5218324                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6617551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6617551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3242166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3242166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3104                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         3104                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9859717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9859717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9859717                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9859717                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5310116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5310116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1333472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1333472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6643588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6643588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6643588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6643588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60159536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60159536000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15626668248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15626668248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75786204248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75786204248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75786204248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75786204248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025692                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11329.231979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.231979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11718.782433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11718.782433                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11407.420847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11407.420847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11407.420847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11407.420847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
