
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726815                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726814635500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726816346500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69980                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22238090                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32683.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287184885                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287184885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       729216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               765504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       110784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            110784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1731                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1003304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1053231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49927                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            152424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 152424                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            152424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1003304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1205655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11961                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1731                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13692                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       765504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    110784                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 765504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 110784                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   841                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1082                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  992                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    33                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    20                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   50                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   37                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   20                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726814398500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11961                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1731                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1659.011407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     348.209982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2888.737887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            199     37.83%     37.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           42      7.98%     45.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           34      6.46%     52.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           23      4.37%     56.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           10      1.90%     58.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           15      2.85%     61.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.52%     62.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            4      0.76%     63.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.76%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            4      0.76%     65.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            2      0.38%     65.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.14%     66.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           11      2.09%     68.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            6      1.14%     69.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            8      1.52%     71.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           12      2.28%     73.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.19%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.38%     74.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.19%     74.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            7      1.33%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.38%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.19%     76.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.38%     76.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.76%     77.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.57%     78.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.19%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.38%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.38%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            2      0.38%     79.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            3      0.57%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.19%     80.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.38%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.19%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.38%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.38%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.19%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.19%     81.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.19%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.19%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.19%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.19%     82.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.19%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.19%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.19%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.19%     83.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.19%     83.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.19%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.38%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.38%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.19%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.19%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.38%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.19%     85.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.19%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.38%     86.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.19%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.57%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.19%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.19%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.19%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.19%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.57%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.46%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9217            1      0.19%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            1      0.19%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10305            1      0.19%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.19%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.19%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13505            1      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       30661750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 258514250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59800000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168052500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2563.69                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14051.21                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21614.90                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.81                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11632                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1527                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53083143.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1205655                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5839                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       876288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     876288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 876288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56761750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77522288                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72509940                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4198546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77248324                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76968340                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637553                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266110                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100833208                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15142                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100848350                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441321257                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441322800                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542154465                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542171150                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217697582                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217697709                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453629271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218003141                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569276459                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77522288                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77234450                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357089200                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33093210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849627974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3368                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217697582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453549876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096460676     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472800      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4241121      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            25496      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8692844      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           536367      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499688      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67173482      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208447402     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453549876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767491                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340737440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730869951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134550636                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218566040                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28825808                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4745908                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537523165                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28825808                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352346904                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112037080                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15971275                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341766340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602602468                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519602068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598375138                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967221203                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598579935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593484136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5095799                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785045756                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182175447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995761056                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149884211                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470358157                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641284180                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315960634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509234927                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390417455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222047240                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194240919                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453549876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295767115     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405000101     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425056808     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184686051     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134556596      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8171752      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        28045      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275093      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8315      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453549876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14568      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         280683      7.08%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666713     92.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524163      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718082067     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512261      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336429      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791983      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262827      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109293938     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441599948     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390417455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962169                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230356831                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727348468                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377046186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7999254                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4005369                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3999399                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389855731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3999730                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439340644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106567160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2890                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        72272                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41162555                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          775                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28825808                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          546586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         18895                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509520094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6252                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149884211                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470358157                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6083                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          6997                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        72272                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4197024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2020                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4199044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381680833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100848362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8736622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284941                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542171218                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72976585                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441322856                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381094841                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381045585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812154694                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813143885                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638001                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222058866                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4198250                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424724068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318119                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588176016     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457049214     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132960468      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9188011      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31463      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62657608      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59237669      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55305137      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60118482      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424724068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287457904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287457904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472512653                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043317051                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72681020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3995085                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280848084                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60118482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874119171                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047861983                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2109                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   79395                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287181494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287181494                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287181494                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635555                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635555                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573428                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573428                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386766928                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863587122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2707809                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547275                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4061                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8042.149488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       34135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.818279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5533.343947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.356081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2465.350277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.675457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            24642                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 24642                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6151                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         21391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        21391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6123                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5839                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40401250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342631750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       383033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    371794250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     371794250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40401250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        754827250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40401250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       754827250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               21363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        24642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             24642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                33353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               33353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.286617                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.486989                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.358648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.358648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71128.961268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61679.882988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62556.426588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63674.302107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63674.302107                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71128.961268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62701.948394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63102.094131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71128.961268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62701.948394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63102.094131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1731                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1731                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33886750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    278797250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312684000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    304697750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304697750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33886750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583495000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617381750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33886750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583495000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617381750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.358648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59659.771127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50188.523852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51067.123959                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52183.207741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52183.207741                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59659.771127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51210.724943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51611.916904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59659.771127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51210.724943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51611.916904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5106689                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              21363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             21362                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            24642                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        90212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        91347                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3675328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3711616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3711616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           53639500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            989250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          51975250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.894533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217699952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287962.899471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.820279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.074254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.659805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217696737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217696737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217696737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217696737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217696737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217696737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           845                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     58014500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     58014500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     58014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     58014500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217697582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217697582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217697582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217697582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217697582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217697582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68656.213018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68656.213018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68656.213018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68656.213018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68656.213018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68656.213018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40970750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40970750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40970750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40970750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40970750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40970750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72131.602113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72131.602113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72131.602113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72131.602113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72131.602113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72131.602113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             32352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.922027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090604670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             32863                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          33186.400207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.920331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661440472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661440472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429163408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429163408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090603880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090603880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090603880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090603880                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         51347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        83464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          83464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        83464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         83464                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2346667500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2346667500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1725611141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1725611141                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4072278641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4072278641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4072278641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4072278641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661491819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661491819                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429195525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429195525                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090687344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090687344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090687344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090687344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45702.134497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45702.134497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53728.901859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53728.901859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48790.839655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48790.839655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48790.839655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48790.839655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5713                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.881081                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24642                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50682                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    516322250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    516322250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    445491249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445491249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    961813499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    961813499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    961813499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    961813499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24818.412325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24818.412325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37192.456921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37192.456921                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29339.683332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29339.683332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29339.683332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29339.683332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
