
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.336185                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                336185350500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               336187061500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35384                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35384                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11462833                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29328.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1037747851                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1037747851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5034688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5094912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2329280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2329280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79608                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36395                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       179139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     14975929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15155068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       179139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             179139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           6928559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6928559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           6928559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       179139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     14975929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22083627                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79608                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36395                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         116003                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5094912                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2329280                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5094912                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2329280                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4809                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4932                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5237                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5182                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  5008                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4781                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4968                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4940                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5029                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4943                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2202                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2333                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2209                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2297                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2356                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2338                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    336185064000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79608                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36395                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     60927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      615.572519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     258.754588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1171.672488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3372     27.98%     27.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1528     12.68%     40.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1163      9.65%     50.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          939      7.79%     58.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          656      5.44%     63.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          476      3.95%     67.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          427      3.54%     71.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          297      2.46%     73.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          178      1.48%     74.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          175      1.45%     76.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          114      0.95%     77.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          132      1.10%     78.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          106      0.88%     79.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           85      0.71%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          131      1.09%     81.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          191      1.58%     82.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          104      0.86%     83.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          100      0.83%     84.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           74      0.61%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          212      1.76%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           62      0.51%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           55      0.46%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          434      3.60%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          372      3.09%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           40      0.33%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           33      0.27%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           22      0.18%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           11      0.09%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           15      0.12%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.05%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            7      0.06%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           18      0.15%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           11      0.09%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.03%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           14      0.12%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.04%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.07%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.04%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            9      0.07%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.07%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.06%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.08%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.07%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            9      0.07%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           14      0.12%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.07%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.02%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.07%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.03%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.06%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.05%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           10      0.08%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.07%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.07%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.05%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.05%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            7      0.06%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.06%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.02%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.04%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.03%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.04%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          111      0.92%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            2      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10049            3      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12052                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      684167000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2071928250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    397940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   989821250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8596.36                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12436.82                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26033.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.16                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           6.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.16                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   6.93                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.23                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74206                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29716                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2898072.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22083627                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41906                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36395                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       195611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        195611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7424192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7424192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7424192                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203581500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          377519750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       130656474                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    104500614                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1688885                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     99416642                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        81281061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     81.758003                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7169601                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        21151                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            310094457                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1378                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        310095835                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           141771043                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4747                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       141775790                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            451865500                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6125                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        451871625                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           131974908                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1596                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       131976504                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               247972                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                672373225                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    133235642                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1151383694                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           130656474                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     88450662                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             201836190                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        13559736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      320055268                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        34318                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         131974908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        590230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    666622022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.727191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.948362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        464785832     69.72%     69.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13998918      2.10%     71.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15664300      2.35%     74.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         20962645      3.14%     77.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15666385      2.35%     79.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20095656      3.01%     82.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14930812      2.24%     84.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13700243      2.06%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86817231     13.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    666622022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.194321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.712418                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        163572860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     291047296                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         176229807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24330476                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       11441582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14923359                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         18945                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1143587251                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       11441582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        180607068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        68837600                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    111833829                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         182607102                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     111294840                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1135671198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27845940                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      70284458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    855477284                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1601360977                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1590906682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10454295                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     787121844                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         68355440                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3202088                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       744313                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         233169236                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    316689075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    146406703                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101474983                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35332526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1116279301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1240584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1085913356                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       924715                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     76883659                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     54265590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          655                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    666622022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.628979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.715793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    221143784     33.17%     33.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    160440672     24.07%     57.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    112764986     16.92%     74.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     76276243     11.44%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46826127      7.02%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26337577      3.95%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11293963      1.69%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7951548      1.19%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3587122      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    666622022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2037557     24.78%     24.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6521      0.08%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            39      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4854325     59.03%     83.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1324556     16.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       247954      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     617289810     56.85%     56.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11487226      1.06%     57.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1630861      0.15%     58.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       461577      0.04%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       388848      0.04%     58.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83240      0.01%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102390      0.01%     58.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        78999      0.01%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    311950174     28.73%     86.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142192277     13.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1085913356                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.615046                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8223040                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007572                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2835334101                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1187656135                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1074349933                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12262388                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7056716                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5943501                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1087608345                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6280097                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     83275661                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23711316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       186302                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       319320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9813143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       665718                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       161149                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       11441582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        22267588                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4971075                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1128246686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       149469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     316689075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    146406703                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       744300                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3652928                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         60298                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       319320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1146544                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       568875                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1715419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1083758270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     310095837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2155086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10726801                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            451871627                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        124036389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          141775790                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.611840                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1081163333                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1080293434                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         737807623                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         870192446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.606687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847867                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     81585231                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1239929                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1669969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    655180440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.598737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.640113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    334419660     51.04%     51.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    163581181     24.97%     76.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39740120      6.07%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13170748      2.01%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10519613      1.61%     85.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5289984      0.81%     86.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4016009      0.61%     87.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3281845      0.50%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81161280     12.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    655180440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1047461246                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1047461246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              429571319                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             292977759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              495977                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          120119792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5410482                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1022406484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6607141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      81161280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1703053157                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2269555240                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  422026                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 5751203                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1037744460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1037744460                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.647918                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.647918                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.543405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.543405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1531489493                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       819201752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6223526                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2981069                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2979741                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         991956                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71722                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8168.987658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21881178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    274.076582                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               29596812000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1348.052582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    93.705161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6727.097324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.104952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.027637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.164557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.821179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13570889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13570892                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8347896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8347896                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3452177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3452177                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17023066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17023069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17023066                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17023069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 41907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37702                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79609                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2583475250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2648542250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2725758500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2725758500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5309233750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5374300750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5309233750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5374300750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13611854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13612799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8347896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8347896                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3489879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3489879                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17101733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17102678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17101733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17102678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.010803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69073.248408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63065.427804                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63200.473668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72297.451064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72297.451064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69073.248408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67489.973559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67508.708186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69073.248408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67489.973559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67508.708186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36395                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            41907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37702                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54257000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2113063750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2167320750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2292724500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2292724500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4405788250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4460045250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4405788250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4460045250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57597.664544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51582.173807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51717.392082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60811.747387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60811.747387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57597.664544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56005.545527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56024.384806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57597.664544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56005.545527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56024.384806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4845055472                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13612799                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13612798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8347896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3489879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3489879                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1889                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     42551362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     42553251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1628776256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1628836672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1628836672                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21073183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1645500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25671618749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               621                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           505.837214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           131976646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          116484.241836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      336183520250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.392424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.444790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131973431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       131973431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131973431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        131973431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131973431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       131973431                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97825750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97825750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97825750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97825750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97825750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97825750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131974908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    131974908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131974908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    131974908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131974908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    131974908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66232.735274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66232.735274                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66232.735274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66232.735274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66232.735274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66232.735274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66046000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66046000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.947090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69889.947090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69889.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69889.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69889.947090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          17101680                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           130.997186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320474519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          17101811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.739215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   130.993521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.255847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.255854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    195183303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       195183303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    124307086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      124307086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       487511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       487511                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    319490389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        319490389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    319490389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       319490389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     30329931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      30329931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11790497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11790497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8467                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     42120428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       42120428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     42120428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      42120428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 334400382996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 334400382996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166721131075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 166721131075                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114586500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    114586500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 501121514071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 501121514071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 501121514071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 501121514071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    225513234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225513234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    136097583                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       495978                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       495977                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    361610817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    361610817                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    361610817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    361610817                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.134493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017071                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.116480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.116480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11025.425115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11025.425115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14140.297146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14140.297146                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13533.305775                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13533.305775                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11897.350950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11897.350950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11897.350950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11897.350950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1184081                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            143825                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.232790                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8347896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8347896                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16717349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16717349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8301349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8301349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8464                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25018698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25018698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25018698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25018698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13612582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13612582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3489148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3489148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17101730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17101730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17101730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17101730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 156109685751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 156109685751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42327466742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42327466742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198437152493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 198437152493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198437152493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 198437152493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11468.043737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11468.043737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12131.175502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12131.175502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11603.337937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11603.337937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11603.337937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11603.337937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
