
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726822                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726822328000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726824039000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69860                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22200104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32739.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287171600                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287171600                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       730816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               767168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       112448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            112448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1757                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        50015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1005495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1055510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        50015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              50015                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            154712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 154712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            154712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        50015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1005495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1210221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11987                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1757                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13744                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       767168                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    112448                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 767168                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 112448                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   676                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   864                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1315                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1177                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  935                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   159                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    27                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   157                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   344                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  142                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726822091500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11987                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1757                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1606.458716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     347.997935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2799.031025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            204     37.43%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           47      8.62%     46.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           32      5.87%     51.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           19      3.49%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            9      1.65%     57.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           17      3.12%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            9      1.65%     61.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.28%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.10%     64.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.10%     65.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.55%     65.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.73%     66.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           11      2.02%     68.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           12      2.20%     70.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            6      1.10%     71.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.10%     73.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.18%     73.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.37%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.55%     74.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.10%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            5      0.92%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      1.28%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.37%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.73%     78.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     78.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.37%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.37%     79.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            3      0.55%     80.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.37%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.55%     81.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     82.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.37%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.37%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.37%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.18%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.18%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.73%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.37%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.55%     86.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.18%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.18%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.18%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.18%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.18%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.55%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.18%     88.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.09%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            2      0.37%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9089            1      0.18%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.37%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33495750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 262317000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59930000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168891250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2794.57                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14090.71                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21885.28                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.81                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1539                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52882864.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1210221                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1757                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5838                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       879616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     879616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 879616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77520670                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72508389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4198305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77247011                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76967031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637552                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266147                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100828449                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15152                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100843601                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441320371                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1579                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441321950                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542148820                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16731                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542165551                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217694003                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217694133                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453644656                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217999921                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569247926                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77520670                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77233178                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357084442                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33091160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849649260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3384                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217694003                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453561544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096477102     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472683      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4240937      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            24553      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8692653      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           535654      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499830      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67173208      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208444924     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453561544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340735009                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730890220                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134546389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218565775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28824150                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4745789                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537496316                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28824150                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352345026                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112054871                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15971410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341761546                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602604540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519575857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598377112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967198128                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598545759                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593449769                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5095990                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785034179                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182163949                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995763614                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149878113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470356698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641281671                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315797807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509211356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390399206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222037100                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194233391                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453561544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295783234     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405002651     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425053806     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184684285     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134554708      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8171623      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27832      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275091      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8314      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453561544                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14569      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         280772      7.09%      7.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666543     92.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524185      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718069758     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512158      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336484      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792014      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262838      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109288948     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441598982     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390399206                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230331496                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727314321                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377028255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7999579                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4005508                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3999563                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389837218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3999892                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439338715                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106564666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2887                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        71955                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41161957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          925                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28824150                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          557334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         20818                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509496557                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149878113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470356698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          8654                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        71955                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196935                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4198807                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381663176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100843603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8736030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284974                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542165569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72975582                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441321966                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638408                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381077273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381027818                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812139034                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813128051                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637971                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222048596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4198007                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424737394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588192414     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457048000     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132960597      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9187931      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31272      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62657240      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59236897      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55305371      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60117672      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424737394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287444630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287444630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472508188                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043313447                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72680151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3995250                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280834810                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60117672                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874109763                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047813083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   83112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287168209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287168209                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287168209                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386744453                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863571299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2707920                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676312                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547297                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262245                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4088                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8043.091798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       34946                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.883333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5531.363725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.118806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2468.506891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.081437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.675215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   16426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            24342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 24342                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6113                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         22539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    22539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        22539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   22539                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5838                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11419                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11988                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    343671750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       385041750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    374689250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     374689250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41370000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    718361000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        759731000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41370000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    718361000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       759731000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               22576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        24342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             24342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11951                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                34527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               34527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.272413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488495                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.488495                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.347207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.347207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72706.502636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61578.883713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62608.414634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64181.097979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64181.097979                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72706.502636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62909.274017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63374.290958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72706.502636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62909.274017                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63374.290958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1757                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1757                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34846000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    279543250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314389250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307597750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307597750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34846000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34846000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621987000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.253601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.272413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.488495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.488495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.347207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.347207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61240.773286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50088.380219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51120.203252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52688.891744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52688.891744                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61240.773286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51417.899991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51884.134134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61240.773286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51417.899991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51884.134134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5183594                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22575                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            24342                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11951                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        92258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        93395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3731200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3767552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3767552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           53776500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          53741750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.860857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217696375                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287577.774108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.783234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.077622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.659733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217693160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217693160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217693160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217693160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217693160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217693160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59145250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59145250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59145250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59145250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59145250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59145250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217694003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217694003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217694003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217694003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217694003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217694003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70160.438909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70160.438909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70160.438909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70160.438909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70160.438909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70160.438909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41940500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41940500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41940500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41940500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41940500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41940500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73709.138840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73709.138840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73709.138840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73709.138840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73709.138840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73709.138840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             33524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.957092                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090599654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             34036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          32042.533024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         149875250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.955396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661436269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661436269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429162595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429162595                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090598864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090598864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090598864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090598864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         52572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32069                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        84641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          84641                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        84641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         84641                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2364014750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2364014750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1743841140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1743841140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4107855890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4107855890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4107855890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4107855890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661488841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661488841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429194664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429194664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090683505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090683505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090683505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090683505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44967.183101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44967.183101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54377.783529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54377.783529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48532.695620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48532.695620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48532.695620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48532.695620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6955                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               186                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.392473                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        24342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             24342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    530561250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530561250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    448104749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448104749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    978665999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    978665999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    978665999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    978665999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24112.036448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24112.036448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37495.167685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37495.167685                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28822.441437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28822.441437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28822.441437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28822.441437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
