
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.733781                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                733780531500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               733782242500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  69021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    69021                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22141860                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33139.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287367830                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287367830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       735936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               772352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       117888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            117888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1002937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1052565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            160658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 160658                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            160658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1002937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1213224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12068                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1842                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13910                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       772352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    117888                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 772352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 117888                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        6                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   895                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   888                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1316                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1157                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  710                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  993                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   162                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    33                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    24                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   182                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   421                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   326                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   25                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    733780290000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12068                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1842                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1570.382979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     340.153135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2802.972245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            209     37.06%     37.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           57     10.11%     47.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           26      4.61%     51.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           23      4.08%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      3.01%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      1.95%     60.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.77%     62.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      0.89%     63.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.24%     64.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.42%     66.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.71%     66.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            2      0.35%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           14      2.48%     69.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.71%     70.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            7      1.24%     71.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.06%     72.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            5      0.89%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.35%     73.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.35%     74.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           14      2.48%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.35%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            2      0.35%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.53%     78.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            6      1.06%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            3      0.53%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.18%     79.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.53%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     80.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.35%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     81.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.18%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.35%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     82.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.35%     82.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.35%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.35%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.18%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.18%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.35%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.35%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     85.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     85.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.18%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.18%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.35%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.18%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.18%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.18%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.18%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.53%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.75%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            1      0.18%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12865            1      0.18%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34644750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 264877250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60310000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   169922500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2872.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14087.42                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21959.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.60                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11714                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1624                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52751997.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1213224                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1842                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5858                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       890240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     890240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 890240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14323000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57263750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77543990                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72528803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4200993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77003146                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76984304                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.975531                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266451                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100839276                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15145                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100854421                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441294684                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441296224                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542133960                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16685                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542150645                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217746509                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217746637                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1467561063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218054949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569517494                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77543990                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77250755                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357134459                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33121279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      863364589                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           87                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3388                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           64                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217746509                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28548                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1467406758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.751060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.153683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1110272299     75.66%     75.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473799      0.30%     75.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4243448      0.29%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            37752      0.00%     76.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8694333      0.59%     76.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           545342      0.04%     76.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63500524      4.33%     81.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67177731      4.58%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208461530     14.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1467406758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.750876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341302169                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     744077272                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134410961                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218767432                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28848923                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4748316                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           312                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537899129                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           977                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28848923                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        353172464                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122716866                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15962625                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341668653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     605037226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519965119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            63                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     600620798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967555465                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599042478                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593949027                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5093451                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785205611                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182349854                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053826                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         997639700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149958234                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470383219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641324797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316269160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509573194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390422392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222199396                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194713525                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1467406758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.629011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235765                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    307347998     20.94%     20.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    408964104     27.87%     48.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424002242     28.89%     77.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184439715     12.57%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    133745860      9.11%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8582402      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        40350      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275587      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8500      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1467406758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14602      0.38%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              2      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          200      0.01%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         286609      7.50%      7.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3517880     92.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523885      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718182736     30.04%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118513578      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335741      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791567      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11615      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262688      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109224457     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441573898     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390422392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.628840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3819297                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6244085065                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727843333                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377056447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7995112                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4003590                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3997330                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389720146                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3997658                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439356300                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106592125                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3861                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74922                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41175230                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          843                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28848923                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6220387                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1231967                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509858388                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149958234                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470383219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        878179                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74922                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4198442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         3129                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4201571                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381739903                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100854433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8682489                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284967                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542150720                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72989161                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441296287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.622924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381104825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381053777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812105399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813098348                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.622456                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222214464                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4200694                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1438557835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.590232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.310818                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    600902120     41.77%     41.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457836399     31.83%     73.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133632651      9.29%     82.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9064727      0.63%     83.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32377      0.00%     83.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62697263      4.36%     87.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58868571      4.09%     91.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55672237      3.87%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59851490      4.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1438557835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287640710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287640710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472574098                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043366109                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72692001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3993000                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281030890                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59851490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3888558334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048562095                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   72860                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  154305                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287364439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287364439                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287364439                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.641595                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.641595                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.558616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.558616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386772340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863613024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2706436                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2674828                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546997                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262095                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4176                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8087.964787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1576252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    128.673633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5522.239518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.841091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2523.785081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.674102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.308079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       932058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  932058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           649981                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                649981                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 22378                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        954436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   954436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       954436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  954436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5858                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5858                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12069                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41293500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    348048250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       389341750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    376228000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     376228000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    724276250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        765569750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    724276250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       765569750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       937699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              938269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       649981                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            649981                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       965935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               966505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       965935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              966505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.207466                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.012487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.012487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72444.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61699.742953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62685.839639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64224.650051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64224.650051                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72444.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62986.020524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.740906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72444.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62986.020524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63432.740906                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1842                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5858                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5858                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34757500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283234750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    317992250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308914000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308914000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34757500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    592148750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    626906250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34757500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    592148750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    626906250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.012487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60978.070175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50210.024818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51198.236999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52733.697508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52733.697508                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60978.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51495.673537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51943.512304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60978.070175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51495.673537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51943.512304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   140989077                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             938269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            938268                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           649981                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2581851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2582990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    103418624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 103455040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             103455040                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1458224000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1451719750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               258                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.951990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217748873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287267.642480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.925274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.026716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217745658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217745658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217745658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217745658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217745658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217745658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           851                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70140750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70140750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70140750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70140750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70140750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70140750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217746509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217746509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217746509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217746509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217746509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217746509                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82421.562867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82421.562867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82421.562867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82421.562867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82421.562867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82421.562867                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1243                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         1243                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41866000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41866000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73449.122807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73449.122807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73449.122807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73449.122807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73449.122807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73449.122807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            965588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           424.961361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1089415996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            966013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1127.744654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.959682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.830003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    660414715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       660414715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429000491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429000491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1089415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1089415206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1089415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1089415206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1067462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1067462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       207421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       207421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1274883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1274883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1274883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1274883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15187940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15187940000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3458963378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3458963378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18646903378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18646903378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18646903378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18646903378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661482177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661482177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429207912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429207912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090690089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090690089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090690089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090690089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000483                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14228.084934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14228.084934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16676.051981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16676.051981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14626.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14626.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14626.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14626.364441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6561                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.994819                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       649981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            649981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       127773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       181178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       181178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       308951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       308951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       308951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       308951                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       939689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       939689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26243                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       965932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       965932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       965932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       965932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10678541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10678541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    606755998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606755998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11285297498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11285297498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11285297498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11285297498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11363.910294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11363.910294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23120.679724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23120.679724                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11683.325015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11683.325015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11683.325015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11683.325015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
