
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.731285                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                731285068500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               731286779500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73790                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73790                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23593874                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30994.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       733184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               768384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            116800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          550                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1002597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1050731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48134                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            159719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 159719                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            159719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1002597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1210450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12006                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1825                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13831                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       768384                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    116800                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 768384                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 116800                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        2                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   878                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1260                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1173                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  597                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  707                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  994                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   166                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    36                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    21                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   174                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   387                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   54                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    731284838000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12006                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1825                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1647.460674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     356.093970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2867.443915                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            194     36.33%     36.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53      9.93%     46.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           26      4.87%     51.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           24      4.49%     55.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            6      1.12%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           14      2.62%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.87%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            6      1.12%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           10      1.87%     64.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      0.56%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.75%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.75%     66.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           14      2.62%     68.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            2      0.37%     69.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            6      1.12%     70.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.37%     70.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            9      1.69%     72.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            7      1.31%     73.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.56%     74.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.12%     75.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.75%     76.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.75%     76.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.19%     77.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.37%     77.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            3      0.56%     78.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            1      0.19%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.37%     78.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            4      0.75%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.19%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.37%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.37%     80.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.19%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.19%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.37%     81.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.19%     81.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.56%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.19%     82.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.37%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.19%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.19%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.19%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.19%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.19%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.19%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.19%     83.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.19%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.19%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.19%     84.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.19%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.19%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.19%     84.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.37%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.19%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.19%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.19%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.19%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.19%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.19%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.56%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.19%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.19%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.19%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.19%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.56%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.30%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.19%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.19%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.19%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.19%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.19%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12992-12993            1      0.19%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.19%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            534                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       32028500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 260802250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60020000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168753750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2668.15                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14058.13                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21726.28                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11668                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52872882.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1210450                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6149                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1825                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       885184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     885184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 885184                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14215500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56973750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77508706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72498814                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196858                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77239391                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76959408                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637513                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100777454                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15149                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100792603                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441295241                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441296781                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542072695                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16689                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542089384                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217671084                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217671212                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1462570137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217974869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2568933705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77508706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77225096                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357038323                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33076564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      858583911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3377                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217671084                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26025                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1462413129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.756640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.157184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1105374806     75.59%     75.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471487      0.31%     75.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239311      0.29%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20807      0.00%     76.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691452      0.59%     76.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532408      0.04%     76.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499353      4.34%     81.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67170831      4.59%     85.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208412674     14.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1462413129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052995                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.756452                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341064345                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     739453193                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134429189                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218654134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28812267                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4743943                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           306                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537318150                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28812267                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352839108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       119249334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15974401                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341613155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     603924863                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519411675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            65                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          16939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     599587767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967071102                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598316580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593219667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5096913                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182101774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054442                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         996832751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149826063                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470346651                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641269326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316164124                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509065880                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390182586                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8939                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221966977                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194310762                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1462413129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.634410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    303413958     20.75%     20.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    407387278     27.86%     48.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424194237     29.01%     77.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184558936     12.62%     90.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134173706      9.17%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8366798      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34733      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275050      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8433      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1462413129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14578      0.38%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         283662      7.33%      7.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3570929     92.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717977733     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511908      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336759      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792179      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262893      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109189810     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441573170     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390182586                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.634235                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3869374                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001619                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6238655389                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727096695                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376828943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001225                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006221                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000387                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389526950                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000715                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439332333                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106532442                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2644                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70593                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41156989                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          899                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28812267                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4647491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        811712                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509350493                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149826063                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470346651                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6105                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        642363                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70593                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197177                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381480327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100792605                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8702259                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284387                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542089400                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72969838                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441296795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.628285                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380876868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380829330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811950055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812937322                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.627839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221976717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1433600862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.595542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.313499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    596486883     41.61%     41.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457456704     31.91%     73.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133359550      9.30%     82.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9106345      0.64%     83.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30659      0.00%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62664018      4.37%     87.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59000615      4.12%     91.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55539439      3.87%     95.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59956649      4.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1433600862                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59956649                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3882988265                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047509152                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   75995                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  157008                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.639488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.639488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.563750                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.563750                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386475556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863401031                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708469                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676862                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4130                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8132.613915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      848336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     69.444663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5610.316207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    33.706904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2488.492403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.684853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.303771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       536992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  536992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           317152                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                317152                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 28730                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        565722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   565722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       565722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  565722                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12007                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11456                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12007                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40124750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    345985000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       386109750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    372861500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     372861500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40124750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    718846500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        758971250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40124750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    718846500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       758971250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       542591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              543142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       317152                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            317152                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34587                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             34587                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       577178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               577729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       577178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              577729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.011323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.169341                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.020783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.020783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72821.687840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61794.070370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62782.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63660.833191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63660.833191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72821.687840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62748.472416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63210.731240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72821.687840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62748.472416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63210.731240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1825                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1825                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33807250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    281649000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315456250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305555500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305555500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33807250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587204500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    621011750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33807250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587204500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    621011750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.020783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.020783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61356.170599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50303.447044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51293.699187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52169.284617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52169.284617                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61356.170599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51257.376047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51720.808695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61356.170599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51257.376047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51720.808695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    78317366                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             543142                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            543141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           317152                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            34587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34587                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1471508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1472609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     57237120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  57272320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              57272320                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          764592500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            958750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         868578250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               240                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           455.981758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217673479                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          294551.392422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   329.976571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   126.005187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.644485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.246104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.890589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217670264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217670264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217670264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217670264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           820                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57514500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57514500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57514500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57514500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57514500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217671084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217671084                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217671084                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70139.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70139.634146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70139.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70139.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70139.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70139.634146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40676750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40676750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40676750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40676750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40676750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40676750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73823.502722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73823.502722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73823.502722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73823.502722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73823.502722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73823.502722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            576920                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           335.985563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1089998350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            577256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1888.240832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   335.983878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.656219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.656222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    660862733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       660862733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429134827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429134827                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1089997560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1089997560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1089997560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1089997560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       581535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        581535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        54758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       636293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         636293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       636293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        636293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9251053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9251053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2024393125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2024393125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11275446125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11275446125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11275446125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11275446125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661444268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661444268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090633853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090633853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090633853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090633853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15907.990061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15907.990061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36969.814913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36969.814913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17720.525175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17720.525175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17720.525175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17720.525175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    37.362694                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       317152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            317152                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        38935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        59118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        59118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       542600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       542600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       577175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       577175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       577175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       577175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6304438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6304438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    695047747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695047747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6999485747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6999485747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6999485747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6999485747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11618.942130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11618.942130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20102.610181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20102.610181                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12127.146441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12127.146441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12127.146441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12127.146441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
