
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055837                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55836885000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55838595500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35592                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35592                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7761750                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7193.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1115248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170463377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171578626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1115248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1115248                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85117642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85117642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85117642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1115248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170463377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256696268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149695                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74261                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223956                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580416                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580416                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9372                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9402                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55836855000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149695                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74261                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1316.689401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     566.036468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2006.450895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1637     15.09%     15.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1026      9.46%     24.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          327      3.01%     27.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          236      2.18%     29.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          198      1.82%     31.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          235      2.17%     33.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          475      4.38%     38.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          613      5.65%     43.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          223      2.06%     45.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          193      1.78%     47.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          189      1.74%     49.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          183      1.69%     51.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          188      1.73%     52.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          249      2.29%     55.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          748      6.89%     61.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          465      4.29%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          197      1.82%     68.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          159      1.47%     69.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          172      1.59%     71.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          171      1.58%     72.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          207      1.91%     74.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          275      2.53%     77.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          960      8.85%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           75      0.69%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           47      0.43%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           49      0.45%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           25      0.23%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.18%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           27      0.25%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           24      0.22%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           21      0.19%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           29      0.27%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           21      0.19%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            9      0.08%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           11      0.10%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.09%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           14      0.13%     89.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           18      0.17%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            5      0.05%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           12      0.11%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           17      0.16%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.07%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           13      0.12%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           15      0.14%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           17      0.16%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            8      0.07%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           12      0.11%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            9      0.08%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           13      0.12%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.05%     90.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.06%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            9      0.08%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           10      0.09%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           12      0.11%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.04%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.05%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.05%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.05%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.06%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.06%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.03%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.06%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.05%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.04%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.07%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.03%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.06%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           11      0.10%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.03%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.05%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.05%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.04%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.05%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.06%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.04%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.03%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           10      0.09%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.06%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.03%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.04%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            5      0.05%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.05%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.05%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            8      0.07%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.03%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.06%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.03%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.04%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.06%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            5      0.05%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.05%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.04%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.03%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.04%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.04%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            6      0.06%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.03%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.04%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.03%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            5      0.05%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.06%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.03%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.06%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.05%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.05%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.07%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.03%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.09%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.06%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            8      0.07%     94.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           16      0.15%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          611      5.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      124665250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3058507750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748390000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2185452500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         832.89                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14601.03                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20433.92                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.58                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.58                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.12                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.46                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143110                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69962                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249320.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256695122                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373649                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14333056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14333056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14333056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710068250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030924                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7875                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557611                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5549980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862693                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851661                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104248                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1416                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73105664                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466766                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               715                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467481                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571014                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2131                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573145                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375135                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375236                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111673770                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23404904                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265156252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38729927                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           68950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39707181                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375135                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101899191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.602143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63169264     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351526      1.33%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568708      2.52%     65.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275188      1.25%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1538976      1.51%     68.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           799961      0.79%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882418      1.85%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113671      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199479     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101899191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31783321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31335950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31872164                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6852655                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55100                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856777                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265117926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55100                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33966907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13744744                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       122016                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36559498                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17450925                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265060529                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16052130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226124997                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370803405                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258180745                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622660                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           404768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1599                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52618436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73141149                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9598995                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       735677                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256443374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2980                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256254001                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       401252                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       357718                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          107                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101899191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10701935     10.50%     10.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18980199     18.63%     29.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23448326     23.01%     52.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21188274     20.79%     72.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15056431     14.78%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9151161      8.98%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2866525      2.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       419071      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87269      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101899191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13221      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        439254     13.56%     13.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       229824      7.10%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1217740     37.60%     58.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1338448     41.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339146     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697493      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588695     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551594      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540606      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118106     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469136      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256254001                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.294666                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3238487                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012638                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    458813394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177736314                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177132220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158837343                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115227                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79080993                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179738751                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79753613                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9867318                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       128909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          207                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3997                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37626                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          609                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55100                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4021735                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        315575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264996751                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73141149                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           7741                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25391                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3997                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4915                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7826                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256235273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73105676                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550397                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573158                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730451                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467482                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.294498                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256222643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213213                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218224503                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246126132                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.294301                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886637                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       381468                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101844091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.597990                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280376                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39800899     39.08%     39.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26558992     26.08%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3554594      3.49%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1794872      1.76%     70.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1717991      1.69%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128127      1.11%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1752392      1.72%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1779630      1.75%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23756594     23.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101844091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23756594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343041987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           529998047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  148622                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9774579                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436154                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436154                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.292766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.292766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286542635                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151539415                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818691                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335367                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141773                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7934.737622                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.352776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48919679000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5586.133181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.272739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2321.054173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.599579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.677951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.681901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.283332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   31778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            97097                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 97097                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14046                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         45751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45824                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4588229250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4654339250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4614294500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4614294500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9202523750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9268633750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9202523750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9268633750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       106097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              107143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        97097                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             97097                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             88376                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               195519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              195519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.703406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.841065                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.765629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.765629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67944.501542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61676.379853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61757.304452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62078.494551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62078.494551                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67944.501542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61877.353384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61916.789138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67944.501542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61877.353384                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61916.789138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54932000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3733518750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3788450750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3760660500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3760660500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54932000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7494179250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7549111250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54932000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7494179250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7549111250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.703406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.841065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.841065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.765629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.765629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56456.320658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50187.100091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50268.038877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50594.114086                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50594.114086                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56456.320658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50390.522250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50429.949230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56456.320658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50390.522250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50429.949230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   335392922                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             107143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            107141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            97097                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            88376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           88376                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       486041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       488133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18660352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  18727296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              18727296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1806500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         327918750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.762733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23376875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19021.053702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23373674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23373674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23373674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94085749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94085749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94085749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94085749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94085749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94085749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64398.185489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64398.185489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64398.185489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64398.185489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64398.185489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64398.185489                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67894500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67894500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67894500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67894500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64908.699809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64908.699809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64908.699809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64908.699809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64908.699809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64908.699809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            194050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           500.478442                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87008307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            194551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            447.226213                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   500.423640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.054802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.977390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62863972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62863972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24141568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24141568                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     87005540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87005540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     87005540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87005540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       371022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        371022                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       679521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         679521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       679521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        679521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17174687750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17174687750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13921814958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13921814958                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6385500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31096502708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31096502708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31096502708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31096502708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63234994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63234994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87685061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87685061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012618                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46290.213923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46290.213923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45127.585367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45127.585367                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14545.558087                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14545.558087                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45762.386605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45762.386605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45762.386605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45762.386605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.366667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             97097                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       264922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       485050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       485050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       485050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       485050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       106100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       106100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       194471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       194471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5012862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5012862000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4843961500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4843961500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9856823500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9856823500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9856823500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9856823500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002218                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47246.578699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47246.578699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54813.926514                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54813.926514                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50685.312977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50685.312977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50685.312977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50685.312977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
