
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123639                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123639472500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               123641183500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26087                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26087                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8403888                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14712.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        38848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             38848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       473118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4250811                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4723928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       473118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             473118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            314204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 314204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            314204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       473118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4250811                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5038132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9126                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          607                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9733                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584064                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     38848                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584064                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  38848                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   598                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   803                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  548                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  601                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  413                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   186                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    14                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   38                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   74                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   79                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    123639235000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9126                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    607                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean            1290                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     263.976174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2550.404197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            196     40.83%     40.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           61     12.71%     53.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           27      5.62%     59.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           20      4.17%     63.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           12      2.50%     65.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           15      3.12%     68.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            6      1.25%     70.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.46%     71.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.88%     73.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            9      1.88%     75.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      1.04%     76.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      1.04%     77.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.83%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.83%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            2      0.42%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            1      0.21%     79.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.21%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            4      0.83%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.62%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            3      0.62%     82.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.21%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.21%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.62%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.21%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.21%     83.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.42%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.42%     84.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.42%     84.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.42%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.21%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.21%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.42%     86.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.42%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.42%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.42%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.21%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.21%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.21%     89.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.21%     89.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           49     10.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       78475500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 194460500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45530000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    70455000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8618.00                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7737.21                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21355.21                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.72                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.72                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.31                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       431                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12703096.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5038132                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2391                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6735                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       622912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     622912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 622912                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7294500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49548446                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39420719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       612165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     34058856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30462613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.441093                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2756739                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         5885                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111632403                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                337                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111632740                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52681078                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2290                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52683368                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            164313481                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2627                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        164316108                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            48847006                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               306                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        48847312                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                247279862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49270412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              423983145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49548446                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33219352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              74777738                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4770860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      118816628                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         7079                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          48847006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        225880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    246899308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.717231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.937718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        172121570     69.71%     69.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5314196      2.15%     71.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6055478      2.45%     74.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7764981      3.14%     77.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5978012      2.42%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7335068      2.97%     82.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5381870      2.18%     85.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5200622      2.11%     87.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31747511     12.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    246899308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.200374                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.714588                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60375442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108156715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65456188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8890890                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4020072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5769320                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7293                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      421428129                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1217                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4020072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         66797833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        23265494                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43971923                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          67584922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41259063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      418551107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10842114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25405655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313401487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     589679227                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    585623835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4055392                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         24205092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1210513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290229                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86270041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114072356                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54347974                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36252770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13484778                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          411281186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483704                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         400392875                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       363070                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27303933                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19559614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          147                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    246899308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.621685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.717051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     82180513     33.29%     33.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60252814     24.40%     57.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41219824     16.69%     74.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27860362     11.28%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     16836848      6.82%     92.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10138014      4.11%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4152424      1.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2900751      1.17%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1357758      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    246899308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          739749     24.75%     24.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3245      0.11%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            12      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     24.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1723127     57.65%     82.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        522898     17.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230067758     57.46%     57.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3976793      0.99%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       637129      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179808      0.04%     58.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148748      0.04%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35633      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37017      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31691      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112338425     28.06%     86.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52843195     13.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      400392875                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.619189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2989072                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007465                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1046253427                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    436460547                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    396013965                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4783773                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2723376                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2321422                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      400836272                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2448997                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28731529                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8455246                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        78995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       119006                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3263616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       233522                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        38062                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4020072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5978358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1847138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    415894186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        44904                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114072356                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54347974                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1435458                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2431                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       119006                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       442065                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       176788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       618853                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     399584137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111632744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       808738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4129296                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            164316112                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47166931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52683368                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.615919                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              398673322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             398335387                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         268913427                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         320333065                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.610869                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839481                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     28561835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       604894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242879236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.595812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.642645                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    124393059     51.22%     51.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     60647988     24.97%     76.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14534813      5.98%     82.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4643581      1.91%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3726847      1.53%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2033401      0.84%     86.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1506028      0.62%     87.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1317388      0.54%     87.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     30076131     12.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242879236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      30076131                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            628952282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           836330703                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  380554                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.644299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.644299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.552074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.552074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        564297828                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       300302868                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2436484                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1162608                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1349                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7842.251379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10121467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1099.681334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6243.832954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   412.509377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1117.025005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         64.971809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.912234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5086790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5086845                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5041509                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5041509                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1279538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1279538                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6366328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6366383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6366328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6366383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6735                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62655750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     91175250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       153831000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    419107500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     419107500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62655750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510282750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        572938500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62655750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    510282750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       572938500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5088267                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5089237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5041509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5041509                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1286273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1286273                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6374540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6375510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6374540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6375510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.229508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61730.027082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64310.618729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62228.285078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62228.285078                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.229508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62138.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62774.022132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.229508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62138.669021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62774.022132                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52152250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74222750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126375000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341671500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341671500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52152250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415894250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    468046500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52152250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415894250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    468046500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.943299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56996.994536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50252.369668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52832.357860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50730.734967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50730.734967                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56996.994536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50644.696785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51281.527336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56996.994536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50644.696785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51281.527336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5909837184                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5089237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5089236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5041509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1286273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1286273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17790589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17792528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    730627136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 730689152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             730689152                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10750018500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1678499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9563837750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.526178                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            48848735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42183.708981                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      123637139750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.164845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    41.361334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.910478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.080784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48845520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        48845520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48845520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         48845520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     48845520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        48845520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94186999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94186999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94186999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94186999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94186999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94186999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48847006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     48847006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48847006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     48847006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     48847006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     48847006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63382.906460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63382.906460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63382.906460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63382.906460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63382.906460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63382.906460                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64179001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64179001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64179001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64179001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64179001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64179001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66163.918557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.918557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66163.918557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.918557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66163.918557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66163.918557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6374167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           447.490221                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           117833228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6374618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.484751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   447.480373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.873985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.874004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     70966549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        70966549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46481830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46481830                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117448379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117448379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117448379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117448379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11475748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11475748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4409099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4409099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2652                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15884847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15884847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15884847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15884847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 125344784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 125344784000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61184202427                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61184202427                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35978000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35978000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186528986427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 186528986427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 186528986427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 186528986427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82442297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82442297                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133333226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133333226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133333226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133333226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.139197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139197                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.086638                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013710                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10922.580733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10922.580733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13876.803952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13876.803952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.365008                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.365008                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11742.573688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11742.573688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11742.573688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11742.573688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283666                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             32397                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.755934                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5041509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5041509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6387341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6387341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3122969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3122969                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2649                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2649                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9510310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9510310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9510310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9510310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5088407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5088407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1286130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1286130                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6374537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6374537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6374537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6374537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57682126750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57682126750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15092753999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15092753999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72774880749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  72774880749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72774880749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  72774880749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025272                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11335.989191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11335.989191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11735.014345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11735.014345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.496720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.496720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11416.496720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11416.496720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
