
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726872                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726871989000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726873700000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  72398                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    72398                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23007247                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750244                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31593.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287298355                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287298355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       729216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               765248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       111808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            111808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1003225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1052796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            153821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 153821                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            153821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1003225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1206617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11957                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1747                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13704                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       765248                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    111808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 765248                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 111808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       16                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1315                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1070                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  705                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  992                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    33                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    21                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   419                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    8                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   35                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   28                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  140                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726871749000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11957                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1747                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1609.582255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     333.952824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2845.537842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            210     38.82%     38.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           51      9.43%     48.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           30      5.55%     53.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           19      3.51%     57.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           11      2.03%     59.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           10      1.85%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.85%     63.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            6      1.11%     64.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.29%     65.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.11%     66.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            6      1.11%     67.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.55%     68.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      2.40%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            2      0.37%     70.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            5      0.92%     71.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            5      0.92%     72.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.55%     73.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            6      1.11%     74.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.37%     74.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.37%     75.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.55%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.92%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            4      0.74%     77.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            4      0.74%     78.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.92%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.37%     79.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.37%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.18%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.37%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.18%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.37%     81.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     81.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.55%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.74%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.18%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.37%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.37%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.37%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.18%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.37%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.18%     86.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.37%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.18%     87.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.37%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.18%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.18%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.74%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.98%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.18%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.18%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13505            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       30323750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 258067500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59705000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168038750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2539.46                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14072.42                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21611.88                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        13.37                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11607                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1518                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  86.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53040845.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1206617                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6123                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5834                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     877056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 877056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13840000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56738500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77536501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72522231                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4200120                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77258696                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76978775                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637684                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100877470                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15150                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100892620                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441331240                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441332783                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542208710                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16693                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542225403                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217728883                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217729012                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453743978                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218036045                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569521739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77536501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77245011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357129866                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33110755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849654353                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217728883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453664204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096534338     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473822      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4242684      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33068      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8694143      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           542014      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63500068      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67176241      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208467826     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453664204                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053336                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767520                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340774070                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730894107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134586967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218568884                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28840175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4747656                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           308                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537758851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28840175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352385272                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112060634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15966163                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341803075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602608884                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519828068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            60                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          18205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598380096                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967418776                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598877384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593783053                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5094331                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785144912                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182273864                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053986                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995774202                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149939487                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470373307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641309002                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315866617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509443441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390578216                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9171                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222140487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194313911                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453664204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295815715     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    405023972     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425070973     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184698463     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134563596      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8178382      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        29479      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275251      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8373      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453664204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14554      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         281719      7.11%      7.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666296     92.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523991      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718187028     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512995      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1335999      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791725      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262741      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109339538     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441610360     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390578216                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644429                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230795907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727653116                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377202232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7996674                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4004249                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3998110                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390018559                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3998440                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439356607                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106592018                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3384                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74043                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41170013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          799                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28840175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          558881                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         20861                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509728605                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6573                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149939487                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470373307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          8619                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74043                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4197903                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2766                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4200669                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381838313                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100892622                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8739903                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284937                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542225421                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72984526                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441332799                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638417                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381250811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381200342                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812287349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813277939                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.637978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222154003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4199825                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424824029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605511                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588234492     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457072684     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132967585      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9187952      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32292      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62658783      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59239232      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55306969      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60124040      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424824029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287571288                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287571288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472550763                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043347469                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72687814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3993795                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280961468                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60124040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874422095                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048293516                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2182                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   79774                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287294964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287294964                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287294964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635573                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635573                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573382                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573382                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386970833                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863726403                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2706950                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2675344                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4063                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8048.492806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       36332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.998927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5537.524413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.397381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2467.387465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.163513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.675967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   16641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            25485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 25485                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         23224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    23224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        23224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   23224                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341702500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       381612500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    372441000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     372441000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39910000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        754053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39910000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    714143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       754053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               22765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        25485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             25485                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             12417                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                35182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               35182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.269009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.469840                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.339890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.339890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70762.411348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61457.284173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62314.255389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63839.732602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63839.732602                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70762.411348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62677.154643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63058.496404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70762.411348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62677.154643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63058.496404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    277825500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    305395000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305395000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583220500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    616662500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     33442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    583220500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    616662500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.269009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.339890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.329135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.339890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59294.326241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49968.615108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50827.482038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52347.446006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52347.446006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59294.326241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51186.633316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51569.033283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59294.326241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51186.633316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51569.033283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5341551                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22765                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            25485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            12417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           12417                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        94721                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        95848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3846592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3882624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3882624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           55818500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            982000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          54720500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.896565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217731263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          289536.253989                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.823956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.072610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.659812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217728048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217728048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217728048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217728048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217728048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217728048                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57077750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57077750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57077750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57077750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57077750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57077750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217728883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217728883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217728883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68356.586826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68356.586826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68356.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68356.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68356.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68356.586826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40475000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71764.184397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71764.184397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71764.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71764.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71764.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71764.184397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             34192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           503.924139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090638848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             34696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          31434.137883                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.922444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.984224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661467415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661467415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429170643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429170643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090638058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090638058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090638058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090638058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         52677                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32574                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        85251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          85251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        85251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         85251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2364175250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2364175250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1736157893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1736157893                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4100333143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4100333143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4100333143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4100333143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661520092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661520092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429203217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429203217                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090723309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090723309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090723309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090723309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44880.597794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44880.597794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53298.885399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53298.885399                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48097.185288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48097.185288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48097.185288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48097.185288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5876                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.762162                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        25485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             25485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    530652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    451009249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451009249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    981661249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    981661249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    981661249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    981661249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23905.396883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23905.396883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36321.917452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36321.917452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28359.417854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28359.417854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28359.417854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28359.417854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
