
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041806                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41806291500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41808002500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26715                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26715                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9538995                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4382.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117083827                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117083827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3055040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3104384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1293824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1293824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        47735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 48506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20216                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1180301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     73076082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                74256383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1180301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1180301                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30948069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30948069                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30948069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1180301                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     73076082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              105204452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         48506                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20216                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          68722                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3104384                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1293824                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3104384                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1293824                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3055                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3132                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3302                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3060                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2875                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3146                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2937                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2920                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3160                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3018                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1301                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1341                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1203                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1264                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1227                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41806017500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   48506                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20216                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     30223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      371.668332                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.901182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     939.033041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           5947     50.37%     50.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1648     13.96%     64.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          937      7.94%     72.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          722      6.12%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          369      3.13%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          286      2.42%     83.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          176      1.49%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          152      1.29%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           95      0.80%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           86      0.73%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           92      0.78%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          100      0.85%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           60      0.51%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           50      0.42%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           58      0.49%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           48      0.41%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           40      0.34%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           38      0.32%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           39      0.33%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           86      0.73%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           26      0.22%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           27      0.23%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          170      1.44%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          156      1.32%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           13      0.11%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           18      0.15%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           10      0.08%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           13      0.11%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.11%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.05%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            4      0.03%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.08%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.07%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.04%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.05%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            4      0.03%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.03%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.06%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.02%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.04%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.08%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.02%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.03%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            7      0.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.03%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.03%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.03%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.03%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.04%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.05%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.03%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.05%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            7      0.06%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.08%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.03%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.03%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.04%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.03%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.03%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.03%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.03%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.03%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.03%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.03%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           62      0.53%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      684332000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1547708250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    242385000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   620991250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14116.63                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12810.02                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31926.65                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          74.26                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  74.26                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.95                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      42648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14216                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       608335.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    105204452                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             22901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            22901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       117228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        117228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4398208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4398208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4398208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           115225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          230087750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2718131                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2632468                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       187770                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1237150                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1210996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.885948                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53744051                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1106                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53745157                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17012799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4293                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17017092                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70756850                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5399                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70762249                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9659667                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9659798                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 83612583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9891239                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              131252094                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2718131                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1227555                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17207766                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1821700                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       52523543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9659667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27282                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     81199673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.616412                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.180704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63991907     78.81%     78.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           403422      0.50%     79.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           294770      0.36%     79.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            75786      0.09%     79.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            73651      0.09%     79.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            44488      0.05%     79.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22382      0.03%     79.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           965698      1.19%     81.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15327569     18.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     81199673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.032509                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.569765                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17032447                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      45506145                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9716909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7370863                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1573308                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        66693                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           326                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      130319155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1573308                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18794313                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13146380                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878568                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15085516                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30721587                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      129238271                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         393841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29744048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    108492886                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     188651742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187286568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1365174                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      98186419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10306467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          149                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53745984                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     56119126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17897218                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35736825                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7604687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          128374010                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          254                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         122481479                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13594                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11227152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9484936                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     81199673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.508399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18652330     22.97%     22.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     28958733     35.66%     58.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15577227     19.18%     77.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11093889     13.66%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5648517      6.96%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1141290      1.41%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       108182      0.13%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19025      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          480      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     81199673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             421      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             21      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         664637     97.39%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         17347      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27533      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49746260     40.62%     40.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1156255      0.94%     41.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       364346      0.30%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34111      0.03%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122030      0.10%     42.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26149      0.02%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28293      0.02%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53935068     44.04%     86.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17041434     13.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      122481479                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.464869                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              682466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005572                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    325186531                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    138552175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121170003                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1672160                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1108872                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       819492                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      122299784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          836628                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21837137                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4786367                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11499                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        60140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1284627                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11830                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1573308                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          496312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         25557                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128462434                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      56119126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17897218                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2294                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2201                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        60140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        66717                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121890                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       188607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     122232937                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53745159                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       248542                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88170                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70762251                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2373422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17017092                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.461896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              122117152                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             121989495                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         101845157                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         102920152                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.458985                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989555                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11294551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       187456                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79626365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.471255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.021945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25341995     31.83%     31.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32573343     40.91%     72.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11724463     14.72%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1925964      2.42%     89.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1363397      1.71%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850710      1.07%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       378914      0.48%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       370729      0.47%     93.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5096850      6.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79626365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    117150686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      117150686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67945350                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              51332759                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2253765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             734744                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         116615124                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16285                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5096850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            202960569                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           258466807                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   25990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2412910                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           117080436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             117080436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     117080436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.714146                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.714146                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.400273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.400273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        177393329                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       102048914                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817857                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           650667                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31901                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13923                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     40551                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8134.241293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        7491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     48505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.154438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               39347764750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5625.866804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   112.734657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2394.563576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.850174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.226082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.686751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.292305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.992949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            25221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 25221                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2048                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2048                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          6951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         6951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6951                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               22901                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        47735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  48507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        47735                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 48507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52080500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1805583500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1857664000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1703693250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1703693250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52080500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3509276750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3561357250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52080500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3509276750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3561357250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               30509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        25221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             25221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             24949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                55458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               55458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.839293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.917913                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.874662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.874662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67461.787565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72706.108561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72547.996563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74393.836514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74393.836514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67461.787565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73515.800775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73419.449770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67461.787565                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73515.800775                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73419.449770                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20216                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20216                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          22901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        47735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             48507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        47735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            48507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43222500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1520353500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1563576000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1440593750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440593750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43222500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2960947250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3004169750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2960947250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3004169750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.835121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.874662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.872893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.874662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55987.694301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61220.645083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61062.875888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62905.277062                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62905.277062                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55987.694301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.851995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61932.705589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55987.694301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.851995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61932.705589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   123507535                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              30509                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             30508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            25221                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       134593                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       136136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5114048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   5163392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               5163392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           65560500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          93647250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.395293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9661723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10064.294792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.088153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.307140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9658508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9658508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9658508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9658508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9658508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9658508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76667750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76667750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76667750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76667750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76667750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76667750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9659667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9659667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9659667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9659667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9659667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9659667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.913719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66149.913719                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66149.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66149.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66149.913719                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52854500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52854500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52854500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52854500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52854500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52854500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68464.378238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68464.378238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68464.378238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68464.378238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68464.378238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68464.378238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             54252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.358816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48274010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             54764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            881.491673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         120021250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.329341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.029474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31809004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31809004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16464213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16464213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48273217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48273217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48273217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48273217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        90835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         90835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       148299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       239134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         239134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       239134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        239134                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5479423250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5479423250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9357755207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9357755207                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14837178457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14837178457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14837178457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14837178457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31899839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31899839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16612512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16612512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48512351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48512351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48512351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48512351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60322.818847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60322.818847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63100.595466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63100.595466                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62045.457597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.457597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62045.457597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.457597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       560381                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.073042                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        25221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             25221                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        61101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       123350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       123350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       184451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       184451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       184451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       184451                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        29734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1884307500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1884307500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1749212000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1749212000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3633519500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633519500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3633519500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3633519500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001502                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001502                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63372.149728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63372.149728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70111.507475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70111.507475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66446.967065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66446.967065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66446.967065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66446.967065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
