
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053226                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53225555500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                53227266500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32203                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11611679                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4583.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   147611155                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     147611155                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3710464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1622592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1622592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        57976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 58748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       928276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     69712077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                70640352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       928276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             928276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30485206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30485206                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30485206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       928276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     69712077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              101125558                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         58748                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25353                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          84101                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3759872                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1622592                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3759872                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1622592                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3877                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3694                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3630                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3732                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3482                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3461                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3643                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3748                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1655                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1679                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1566                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1584                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1600                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1699                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1489                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1464                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1522                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1529                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1585                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1624                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1674                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     53225281500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   58748                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25353                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     37233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        20756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      258.957024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     119.833613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     730.079273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          11857     57.13%     57.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3237     15.60%     72.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1462      7.04%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          883      4.25%     84.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          648      3.12%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          600      2.89%     90.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          335      1.61%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          213      1.03%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          115      0.55%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          103      0.50%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           70      0.34%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           69      0.33%     94.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           39      0.19%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           53      0.26%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           38      0.18%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           47      0.23%     95.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           24      0.12%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           37      0.18%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           22      0.11%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           92      0.44%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           24      0.12%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           22      0.11%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          226      1.09%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          188      0.91%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           11      0.05%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.08%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           10      0.05%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.04%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            7      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            7      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            4      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.04%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.00%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.01%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.00%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.00%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.02%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.02%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            4      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.04%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           14      0.07%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           71      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          20756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      828805250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1973759000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    293705000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   851248750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14109.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14491.56                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33601.05                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          70.64                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  70.64                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.49                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.95                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      49480                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13851                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       632873.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    101125558                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28922                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       142849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        142849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5382464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5382464                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           143462500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          278572500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3641907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3461539                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       228487                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1357354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1322989                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.468236                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36265                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           80                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66996255                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1162                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66997417                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21695303                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4319                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21699622                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             88691558                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5481                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         88697039                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11910012                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11910143                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                106451111                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12196392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              164463170                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3641907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1359254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21462075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2170233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       68191889                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11910012                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34609                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    103712237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.585764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.160626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         82250162     79.31%     79.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           433107      0.42%     79.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           324835      0.31%     80.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           100997      0.10%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           107820      0.10%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            74814      0.07%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34630      0.03%     80.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1022704      0.99%     81.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19363168     18.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    103712237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.544964                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21176868                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      59362467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12339846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8974988                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1858067                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       139323                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           323                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      163342193                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1027                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1858067                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23568379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16701014                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4382156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18635145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38567475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      161875247                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         735992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37051859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    135361111                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     236558373                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    233463261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3095112                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     123265799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12095312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       165995                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          67484547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     69675852                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22717805                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43900173                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9422081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          160787814                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         153967275                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13075635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11085042                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    103712237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.484562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     24655451     23.77%     23.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     37094248     35.77%     59.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19742657     19.04%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13389059     12.91%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7164270      6.91%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1475291      1.42%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       152339      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        38409      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          513      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    103712237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             373      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             11      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         897292     98.11%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16853      1.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        66867      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      62173128     40.38%     40.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1442334      0.94%     41.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       846882      0.55%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        79563      0.05%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       281714      0.18%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        56593      0.04%     42.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        64818      0.04%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     67227850     43.66%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21727526     14.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      153967275                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.446366                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              914569                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005940                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    408719354                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    171471803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    151434421                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3858914                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2472305                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1897273                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      152883928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1931049                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27253283                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5524508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12949                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81092                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1469832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17398                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1858067                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          562173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         27874                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    160911782                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      69675852                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22717805                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3666                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81092                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        75574                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       155197                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       230771                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     153651279                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66997419                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       315996                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                123716                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             88697041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3201439                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21699622                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.443398                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              153490185                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             153331694                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         127338681                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         129430271                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.440395                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983840                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13195920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       228176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101854170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.450090                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.004882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     33035338     32.43%     32.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41771240     41.01%     73.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14412707     14.15%     87.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2214697      2.17%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1883775      1.85%     91.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1157726      1.14%     92.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676709      0.66%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       542872      0.53%     93.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6159106      6.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101854170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    147697681                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      147697681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               85399317                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              64151344                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3046664                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1725039                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         146516299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        35952                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6159106                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            256573832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           323649458                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   29308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2738874                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           147607764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             147607764                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     147607764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.721176                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.721176                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.386625                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.386625                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        222369111                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       127032432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1891655                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1505877                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           71235                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33590                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     50743                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8109.139696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       16100                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     58741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.274085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               52956980250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6014.113810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    77.743687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2016.447557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.666160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.168481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.734145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.246148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.989885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   11082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            33666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 33666                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4255                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         15337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    15337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        15337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   15337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        57976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  58749                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        57976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 58749                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52088500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2218361250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2270449750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2140495750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2140495750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4358857000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4410945500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4358857000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4410945500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               40909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        33666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             33666                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             33177                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                74086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               74086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.729106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.871749                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.792984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.792984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67384.864166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76353.040889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76120.620579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74009.257659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74009.257659                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67384.864166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75183.817442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75081.201382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67384.864166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75183.817442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75081.201382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             58749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            58749                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1884841750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1928060250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1808244250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1808244250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43218500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3693086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3736304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43218500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3693086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3736304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.723889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.729106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.871749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.871749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.792984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.790801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.792984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55910.090556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64873.743719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64641.440641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62521.411037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62521.411037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55910.090556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63700.255278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63597.754855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55910.090556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63700.255278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63597.754855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   129563025                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              40909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             40908                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            33666                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33177                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       180292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       181837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6846656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6896064                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           87542000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         123980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.555988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11912071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12395.495317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.356147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.199841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11908856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11908856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11908856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11908856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11908856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11908856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     74694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11910012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11910012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11910012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11910012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11910012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11910012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64614.186851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64614.186851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64614.186851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64614.186851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64614.186851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64614.186851                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          383                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52862500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52862500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68386.157827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68386.157827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68386.157827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68386.157827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68386.157827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68386.157827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             72881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           509.104395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            60700341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             73391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            827.081536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.081244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.994299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     39612231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        39612231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21087317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21087317                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     60699548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         60699548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     60699548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        60699548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       118045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        118045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       160577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       278622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         278622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       278622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        278622                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6542910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6542910000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10060592090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10060592090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16603502090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16603502090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16603502090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16603502090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39730276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39730276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21247894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21247894                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60978170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60978170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60978170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60978170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007557                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55427.252319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55427.252319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62652.759050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62652.759050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59591.497046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59591.497046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59591.497046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59591.497046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       600952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5813                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   103.380698                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        33666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             33666                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        77910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        77910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       127402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       127402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       205312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       205312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       205312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       205312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        33175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2369314750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2369314750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216282500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2216282500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4585597250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4585597250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4585597250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4585597250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001561                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59033.630248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59033.630248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66805.802562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66805.802562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62550.774110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62550.774110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62550.774110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62550.774110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
