
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.178804                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                178803573500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               178805284500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31256                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31256                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9686987                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750500                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18458.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   576928718                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     576928718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4742336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4802176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2145344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2145344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        74099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 75034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33521                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       334669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26522602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26857271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       334669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             334669                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11998328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11998328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11998328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       334669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26522602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38855599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         75034                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33521                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108555                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4802176                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2145344                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4802176                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2145344                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        8                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4640                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4758                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4569                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4457                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4574                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4636                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4814                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4774                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4759                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4726                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4666                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2101                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2099                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2121                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2112                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2070                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2099                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2004                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2013                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2065                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2030                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2102                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2132                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    178803282000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   75034                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33521                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      559.391360                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.592245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1128.813361                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4064     32.75%     32.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1902     15.33%     48.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1136      9.16%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          828      6.67%     63.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          503      4.05%     67.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          385      3.10%     71.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          316      2.55%     73.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          335      2.70%     76.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          193      1.56%     77.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          177      1.43%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          122      0.98%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          126      1.02%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          100      0.81%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           80      0.64%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          104      0.84%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          141      1.14%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           69      0.56%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           70      0.56%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           68      0.55%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          185      1.49%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           58      0.47%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           44      0.35%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          418      3.37%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          353      2.84%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           26      0.21%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      0.24%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      0.17%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.10%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.06%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.07%     95.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.09%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.07%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.05%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.08%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.06%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.06%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           10      0.08%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.03%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.07%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.06%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.06%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            8      0.06%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.06%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.03%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.06%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.07%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.04%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.03%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            8      0.06%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            6      0.05%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.05%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.05%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.06%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.07%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.06%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.03%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            3      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.04%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          110      0.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12408                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      691876000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1988751000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    375130000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   921745000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9221.82                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12285.67                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26507.49                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.86                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.86                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26137                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1647121.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38855599                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33521                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35546                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       183589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        183589                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6947520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6947520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           188361500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          355841500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        58718922                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     47453115                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       720799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37878921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37485983                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.962647                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3048197                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4008                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            189166346                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1060                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        189167406                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            79014111                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4678                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        79018789                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            268180457                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5738                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        268186195                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66858497                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               184                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66858681                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               107669                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                357608670                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67343006                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              625404703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            58718922                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     40534180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             104945170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5813749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      176892068                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           92                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4605                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66858497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        264987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    354107469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.766144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.023381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        249162299     70.36%     70.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6522838      1.84%     72.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6854622      1.94%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9848853      2.78%     76.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7523595      2.12%     79.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9434900      2.66%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6892089      1.95%     83.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5941536      1.68%     85.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51926737     14.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    354107469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.164199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.748852                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         86328781                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     158412579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          88576460                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15876911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4912737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6436504                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9826                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      622484874                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4912737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         96036381                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        37924519                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49429561                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          94257049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71547221                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      618988434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           186                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18365904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46215068                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    477550726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     879014172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    873607389                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5406783                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     447273469                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30277257                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1304525                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       323225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         145661849                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    192601881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81149224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75604874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21063917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          610527150                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       538722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         596637764                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       417789                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33729511                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24793934                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          308                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    354107469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.684906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.659815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    105011751     29.66%     29.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     88596499     25.02%     54.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64547359     18.23%     72.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45605723     12.88%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26818534      7.57%     93.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13172115      3.72%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5094826      1.44%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3659585      1.03%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1601077      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    354107469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          844795     16.72%     16.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4345      0.09%     16.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            21      0.00%     16.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3652195     72.27%     89.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        551829     10.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       107651      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     319075091     53.48%     53.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6532468      1.09%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       992625      0.17%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       280227      0.05%     54.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234905      0.04%     54.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55408      0.01%     54.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        58970      0.01%     54.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51345      0.01%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190052389     31.85%     86.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     79196685     13.27%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      596637764                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.668410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5053225                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008470                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1546292659                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    641277632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    590962134                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6561352                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3703375                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3205675                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      598240837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3342501                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59230704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11038182                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        76918                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       190900                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3669816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       232247                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17086                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4912737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7380986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2203658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    615725834                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     192601881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81149224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       323211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1688597                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3629                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       190900                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       555946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       170305                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       726251                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     595624993                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     189167408                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1012771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4659962                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            268186197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         56134784                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           79018789                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.665578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              594611937                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             594167809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         425622072                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         484606462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.661503                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.878284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34626276                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       538414                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       711011                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    349194732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.664644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.604049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    158254950     45.32%     45.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101912422     29.18%     74.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25558460      7.32%     81.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8721091      2.50%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5638494      1.61%     85.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2655431      0.76%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1903636      0.55%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1562550      0.45%     87.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42987698     12.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    349194732                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    581284996                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      581284996                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              259043107                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             181563699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              215371                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           54840612                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2967326                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         569837064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2903961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42987698                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            922105826                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1236745785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   93836                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3501201                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           576925327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             576925327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     576925327                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.619853                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.619853                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.613287                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.613287                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        846699125                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       460578216                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3385683                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1805774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1296105                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         430744                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     67054                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8151.280437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9223681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     75011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    122.964379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27291617500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1595.560972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    72.964433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6482.499182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.201099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.054751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.194771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.791321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5722406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5722409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3536665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3536665                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1406229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1406229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7128635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7128638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7128635                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7128638                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35546                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        74099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  75035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        74099                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 75035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64614000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2450011500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2514625500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2586911500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2586911500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64614000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5036923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5101537000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64614000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5036923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5101537000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5760959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5761898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3536665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3536665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1441775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1441775                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7202734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7203673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7202734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7203673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69032.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63549.179052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63679.138494                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72776.444607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72776.444607                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69032.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67975.586715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67988.765243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69032.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67975.586715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67988.765243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33521                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33521                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35546                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             75035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            75035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53873000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2007288500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2061161500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2178624500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2178624500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4185913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4239786000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4185913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4239786000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57556.623932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52065.688792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52195.839348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61290.285827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61290.285827                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57556.623932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56490.816340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56504.111415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57556.623932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56490.816340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56504.111415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3844339095                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5761898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5761897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3536665                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1441775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1441775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17942133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17944010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    687321536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 687381568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             687381568                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8906834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10822055750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.673523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66860235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1127                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          59325.851819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      178802045250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.732716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    44.940807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.087775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66857020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66857020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66857020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66857020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66857020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66857020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100943750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100943750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100943750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100943750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66858497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66858497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66858497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66858497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66858497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66858497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68343.771158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68343.771158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68343.771158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68343.771158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68343.771158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68343.771158                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65584500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65584500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65584500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65584500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65584500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65584500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69845.047923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69845.047923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69845.047923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69845.047923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69845.047923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69845.047923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7202300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.516412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           189238283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7202812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.272834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       16076219250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.509521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.991230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116564526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       116564526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72248985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72248985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       208759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       208759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215371                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215371                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    188813511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        188813511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    188813511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       188813511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12915745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12915745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5015052                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5015052                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6613                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17930797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17930797                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17930797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17930797                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 146058037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 146058037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77199864712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77199864712                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89481250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     89481250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 223257902212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 223257902212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 223257902212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 223257902212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129480271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129480271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77264037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     77264037                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       215372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       215372                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       215371                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       215371                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206744308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206744308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206744308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206744308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.099751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064908                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030705                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11308.525950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11308.525950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15393.631953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15393.631953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.112959                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.112959                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12451.086375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12451.086375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12451.086375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12451.086375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       749807                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11523                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.070468                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3536665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3536665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7154550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7154550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3573516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3573516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6610                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6610                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10728066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10728066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10728066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10728066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5761195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5761195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1441536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1441536                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7202731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7202731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7202731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7202731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  67289123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67289123000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18727493748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18727493748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86016616748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  86016616748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  86016616748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  86016616748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044495                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018657                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11679.716274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11679.716274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12991.346555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12991.346555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11942.222575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11942.222575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11942.222575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11942.222575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
