
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185399                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185399319500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185401030000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  54902                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    54902                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11992636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15459.43                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760843                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31492160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31554560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       336571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169861249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170197820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       336571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             336571                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84897313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84897313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84897313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       336571                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169861249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255095133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493041                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245936                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738977                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31554560                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739904                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31554560                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739904                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30890                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30913                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30851                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30896                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15432                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15399                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185399289500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493041                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245936                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1263.301297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     563.920736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1890.744614                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           5249     14.04%     14.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         4062     10.86%     24.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          905      2.42%     27.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          787      2.10%     29.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          782      2.09%     31.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          972      2.60%     34.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1438      3.85%     37.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1735      4.64%     42.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          800      2.14%     44.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          796      2.13%     46.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          718      1.92%     48.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          897      2.40%     51.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          957      2.56%     53.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1124      3.01%     56.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         2121      5.67%     62.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1457      3.90%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          710      1.90%     68.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          675      1.81%     70.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          591      1.58%     71.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          741      1.98%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          773      2.07%     75.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          898      2.40%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         2834      7.58%     85.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          221      0.59%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          180      0.48%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          163      0.44%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          155      0.41%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          137      0.37%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           93      0.25%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           99      0.26%     88.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          119      0.32%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           88      0.24%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           74      0.20%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           82      0.22%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           67      0.18%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           54      0.14%     89.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           51      0.14%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           65      0.17%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           50      0.13%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           48      0.13%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           38      0.10%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           48      0.13%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           38      0.10%     90.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           50      0.13%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           40      0.11%     90.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           55      0.15%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           41      0.11%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           52      0.14%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           26      0.07%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           36      0.10%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           33      0.09%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           42      0.11%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           27      0.07%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           39      0.10%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           28      0.07%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           35      0.09%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           28      0.07%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           27      0.07%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           28      0.07%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           32      0.09%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           20      0.05%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           28      0.07%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           33      0.09%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           31      0.08%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           34      0.09%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           22      0.06%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           23      0.06%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           24      0.06%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           25      0.07%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           21      0.06%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           23      0.06%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           25      0.07%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           22      0.06%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           17      0.05%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           14      0.04%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           21      0.06%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           18      0.05%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           18      0.05%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            9      0.02%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           19      0.05%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           14      0.04%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           14      0.04%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           12      0.03%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           20      0.05%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           12      0.03%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           15      0.04%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           13      0.03%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           13      0.03%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            9      0.02%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           18      0.05%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            8      0.02%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           12      0.03%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           11      0.03%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           13      0.03%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           12      0.03%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           21      0.06%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           18      0.05%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            6      0.02%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            8      0.02%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           18      0.05%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           11      0.03%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.02%     94.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           12      0.03%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           13      0.03%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           12      0.03%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           10      0.03%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            8      0.02%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           13      0.03%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.02%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           19      0.05%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           13      0.03%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           14      0.04%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           13      0.03%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           14      0.04%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           17      0.05%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           14      0.04%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           10      0.03%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           22      0.06%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           15      0.04%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.04%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           22      0.06%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           24      0.06%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           22      0.06%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           28      0.07%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           34      0.09%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           29      0.08%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           27      0.07%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1721      4.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      351220000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10024185000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465105000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7207860000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         712.38                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14619.78                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20332.17                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.20                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.20                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.08                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    230259                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  93.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250886.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255094787                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1232016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1232016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47294400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47294400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47294400                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353232500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338824000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28921570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999034                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18374380                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18369861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.975406                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452813                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          102                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242284360                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4781                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242289141                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81099431                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2300                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81101731                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323383791                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7081                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323390872                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77420582                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                89                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77420671                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                370798639                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77463960                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878501919                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28921570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27822674                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128305071                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          170183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      132833231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1445                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77420582                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    338741523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.593428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.575758                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        210436452     62.12%     62.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473509      1.32%     63.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510697      2.51%     65.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4220710      1.25%     67.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5091772      1.50%     68.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643069      0.78%     69.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6234869      1.84%     71.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690321      1.09%     72.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93440124     27.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    338741523                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077998                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.369216                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105319336                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104993560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105464693                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22826700                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         137233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9466388                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878404311                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1530                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         137233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112270871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46162474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       262255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121071368                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58837321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878266087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54135617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749276290                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228637120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855156552                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373480568                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287893                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           988397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5819                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174827578                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242366623                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81162250                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36338147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3413970                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849766234                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6876                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849342715                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11132                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1000876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       804860                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    338741523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.507348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.585237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35935599     10.61%     10.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     61866087     18.26%     28.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     79959002     23.60%     52.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69684250     20.57%     73.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51267597     15.13%     88.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     28799723      8.50%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9499031      2.80%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1399187      0.41%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       331047      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    338741523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           58098      0.53%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           854      0.01%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1439689     13.03%     13.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       748864      6.78%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             6      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4044923     36.61%     56.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4755396     43.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299348605     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887497      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962515     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252075      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320033      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147083      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242318681     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81105830      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849342715                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.290577                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11047830                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013008                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1521786203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588410980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587013958                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526699712                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262377818                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262233741                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595934195                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264455957                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32453329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       316087                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          750                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14918                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          662                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         137233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13576930                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        692082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878119045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7650                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242366623                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81162250                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          49625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         43242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        14918                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4182                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14572                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849296399                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242289149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        46316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28345935                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323390882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896389                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81101733                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.290452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849270667                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849247699                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723074065                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         818007911                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.290320                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       941493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    338604290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.590312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.277630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    133229018     39.35%     39.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87579366     25.86%     65.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11641589      3.44%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6114861      1.81%     70.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5710732      1.69%     72.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4028335      1.19%     73.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5797373      1.71%     75.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5909412      1.75%     76.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78593604     23.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    338604290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097448                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050536                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356813                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78593604                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1137988783                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756202028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  495237                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                32057116                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757452                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757452                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.288998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.288998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949691960                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502222740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277944587                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246497736                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396999                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485137                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7919.767849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      341958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.693244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              161416871500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5495.622460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.396912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2415.750577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.793814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.670852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.294891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.966769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       180617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  180690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           407647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                407647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       109067                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                109067                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        289684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   289757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       289684                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  289757                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246057                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492066                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493041                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66840750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15066805500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15133646250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15345226750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15345226750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66840750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30412032250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30478873000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66840750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30412032250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30478873000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       426674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              427722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       407647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            407647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       355076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            355076                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       781750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               782798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       781750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              782798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.577553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.692835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.629844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.629844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61232.988698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61261.886112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62376.688454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62376.688454                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61804.782793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.130744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61804.782793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61818.130744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245936                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55638250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12239579500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12295217750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12519929250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12519929250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55638250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24759508750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24815147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55638250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24759508750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24815147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.577553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.692835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.629844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930344                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.629442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.629844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57064.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49742.862426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49771.761351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50892.159433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50892.159433                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57064.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50317.454874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50330.798047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57064.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50317.454874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50330.798047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   410941918                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             427722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            427720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           407647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           355076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          355076                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1971145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1973241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     76121280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  76188352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              76188352                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1002869500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1810750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1292530750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.824633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77422328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62893.848903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.578612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.246021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77419127                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77419127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77419127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77419127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95501999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95501999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95501999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95501999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95501999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95501999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77420582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77420582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77420582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77420582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65637.112715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65637.112715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65637.112715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65637.112715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65637.112715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65637.112715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          407                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68629250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68629250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68629250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68629250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68629250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68629250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65485.925573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65485.925573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65485.925573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65485.925573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65485.925573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65485.925573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            781316                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.822279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288025137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            781828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            368.399619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         163963750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.809045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.013234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208249100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208249100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79769931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79769931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288019031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288019031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288019031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288019031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1578194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1578194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1273854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1273854                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2852048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2852048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2852048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2852048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  59867210250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59867210250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49399231182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  49399231182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      9191500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      9191500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109266441432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 109266441432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109266441432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 109266441432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209827294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209827294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043785                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3128                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290871079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290871079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290871079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290871079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.207801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.207801                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37933.999401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37933.999401                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38779.350838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38779.350838                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14140.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14140.769231                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38311.571696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38311.571696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38311.571696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38311.571696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               259                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.961390                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       407647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            407647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1151250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1151250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       919050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       919050                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          648                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          648                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2070300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2070300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2070300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2070300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       426944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       426944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       354804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       354804                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       781748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       781748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       781748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       781748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17309754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17309754000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16795063750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16795063750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       153500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       153500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34104817750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34104817750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34104817750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34104817750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004378                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40543.382739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40543.382739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47336.173634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47336.173634                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        76750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43626.357535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43626.357535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43626.357535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43626.357535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
