
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055828                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55828277500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55829988000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37578                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37578                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8193610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6813.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1118860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170489659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171608519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1118860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1118860                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85130765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85130765                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85130765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1118860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170489659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256739284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149698                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74261                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223959                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580608                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580608                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9646                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9480                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9374                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9348                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55828247500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149698                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74261                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149171                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1320.411091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     567.794355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2021.384323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1604     14.82%     14.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1019      9.42%     24.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          335      3.10%     27.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          236      2.18%     29.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          234      2.16%     31.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          258      2.38%     34.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          417      3.85%     37.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          577      5.33%     43.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          265      2.45%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          208      1.92%     47.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          191      1.77%     49.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          193      1.78%     51.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          192      1.77%     52.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          255      2.36%     55.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          736      6.80%     62.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          466      4.31%     66.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          175      1.62%     68.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          179      1.65%     69.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          181      1.67%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          190      1.76%     73.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          206      1.90%     75.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          228      2.11%     77.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          971      8.97%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           71      0.66%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           40      0.37%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           43      0.40%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           34      0.31%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           28      0.26%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           22      0.20%     88.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           23      0.21%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           19      0.18%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           26      0.24%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           21      0.19%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           12      0.11%     89.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.09%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           18      0.17%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           15      0.14%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           13      0.12%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.11%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.07%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            9      0.08%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           15      0.14%     90.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.06%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.09%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           13      0.12%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.14%     90.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           13      0.12%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.08%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            9      0.08%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.05%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.07%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.07%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.05%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.03%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            9      0.08%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.08%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            9      0.08%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            8      0.07%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            8      0.07%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.03%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            9      0.08%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.04%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.05%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.04%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     91.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.06%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.04%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            9      0.08%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.04%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.03%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.03%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.03%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.04%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.02%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.06%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.03%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            7      0.06%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.04%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.04%     92.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.04%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            6      0.06%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.05%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            6      0.06%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            4      0.04%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            6      0.06%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.03%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            4      0.04%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.04%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.06%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            3      0.03%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.04%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.03%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.04%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            7      0.06%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            6      0.06%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.05%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.05%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.04%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.04%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.04%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.05%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.05%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.03%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.07%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.04%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.03%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            7      0.06%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            6      0.06%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.09%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            8      0.07%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          642      5.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      116428000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3048360500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748405000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2183527500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         777.84                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14587.87                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20365.71                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.61                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.61                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.52                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143126                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69979                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249278.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256738138                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14333248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14333248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14333248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409023500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710051500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741137                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030933                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7934                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557635                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5549997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862567                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851666                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          116                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104839                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1419                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106258                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466769                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               716                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467485                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571608                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2135                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573743                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375443                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               102                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375545                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111656555                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23405825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265159734                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741137                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401663                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38730382                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           69425                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39707793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1506                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101901595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.602116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63171213     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351551      1.33%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568703      2.52%     65.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275171      1.25%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1538980      1.51%     68.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800003      0.79%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882384      1.85%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113695      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199895     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101901595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374780                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31783786                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31337029                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31872801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6852470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55508                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265121314                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55508                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33967699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13746149                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       121797                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36559574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17450867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265063706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16051637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226127955                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370808333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258185568                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622765                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           407726                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2513                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1600                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52621584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73142038                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489221                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9666897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       794224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256446221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2984                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256255026                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       404054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       361186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101901595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514730                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591360                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10724530     10.52%     10.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18918426     18.57%     29.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23509578     23.07%     52.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21170059     20.78%     72.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15055341     14.77%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9150257      8.98%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2866467      2.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       419680      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87257      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101901595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13232      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        439281     13.56%     13.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       229518      7.09%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1218020     37.61%     58.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1338335     41.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339189     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697547      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588803     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551639      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540631      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118834     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469158      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256255026                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.295029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3238386                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012637                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    458817569                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177741760                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177132718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158837543                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115432                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081200                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179739687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79753601                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9867380                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129798                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          204                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4011                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          626                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55508                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4021820                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        315691                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264999602                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73142038                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489221                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1595                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           7747                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25431                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4011                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4956                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7872                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256236153                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106270                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18873                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550397                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573756                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730445                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467486                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.294860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256223476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213918                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218224078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246124292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.294661                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       384330                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7466                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101846087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.597939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39803510     39.08%     39.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26558690     26.08%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3554480      3.49%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1794697      1.76%     70.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1717903      1.69%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1127906      1.11%     73.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1752165      1.72%     74.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1779852      1.75%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23756884     23.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101846087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23756884                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343046555                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530004181                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  148620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9754960                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.293119                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.293119                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286543544                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151540038                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818865                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335581                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141776                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7934.365117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       53040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149948                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.353723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48911421500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5585.122265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.674517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2321.274933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.611312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.682089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.681778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.283359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   31825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            97193                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 97193                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         45896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45896                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75368                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149698                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66518000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4588362500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4654880500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4603663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4603663500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66518000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9192026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9258544000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66518000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9192026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9258544000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       106144                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              107193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        97193                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             97193                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             88474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               195667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       194618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              195667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.703106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.840134                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.765065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.765065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68153.688525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61678.171040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61762.027651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61935.470200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61935.470200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68153.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61806.766988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61848.147604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68153.688525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61806.766988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61848.147604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3733671500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3788975500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3750073500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3750073500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7483745000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7539049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7483745000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7539049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.703106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.765065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.764174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.765065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56663.934426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50189.153404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50273.000478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50451.681690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50451.681690                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56663.934426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50320.362825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50361.721599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56663.934426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50320.362825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50361.721599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   335724347                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             107193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            107191                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            97193                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            88474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           88474                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       486427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       488525                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18675776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  18742912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              18742912                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1812500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         328104250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.762785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23377177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          18974.981331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23373976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23373976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23373976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23373976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94592499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94592499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94592499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94592499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94592499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94592499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64480.231084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64480.231084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64480.231084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64480.231084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64480.231084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64480.231084                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68305500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68305500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65114.871306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65114.871306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65114.871306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65114.871306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65114.871306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65114.871306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            194192                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           503.442305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87008397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            194696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            446.893603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.387495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.054810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.983179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62864166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62864166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24141466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24141466                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          913                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     87005632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87005632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     87005632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87005632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       371350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        371350                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308601                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       679951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         679951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       679951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        679951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17175949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17175949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13891461701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13891461701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6479750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6479750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31067410701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31067410701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31067410701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31067410701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63235516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63235516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87685583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87685583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012622                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324204                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324204                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46252.723845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46252.723845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45014.312011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45014.312011                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14793.949772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14793.949772                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45690.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45690.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45690.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45690.661093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5001                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                97                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    51.556701                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             97193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       265203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       265203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       485334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       485334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       485334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       485334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       106147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       106147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88470                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       194617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       194617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       194617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5013305250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5013305250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4834406750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4834406750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       292750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       292750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9847712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847712000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9847712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9847712000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003618                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003618                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47229.834569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47229.834569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54644.588561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54644.588561                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       292750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       292750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50600.471696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50600.471696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50600.471696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50600.471696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
