
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.125317                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                125316633500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               125318344500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26006                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26006                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8491285                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14758.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       526208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        41920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             41920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9139                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  655                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       468318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      4199028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4667345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       468318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             468318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            334513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 334513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            334513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       468318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      4199028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5001858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9139                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          655                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9794                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584896                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     41920                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584896                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  41920                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   595                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   807                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   860                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   543                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  549                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  563                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  603                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  413                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   199                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    19                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    8                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   83                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   81                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    125316391000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9139                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    655                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1242.698603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     254.187297                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2519.236760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            207     41.32%     41.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           59     11.78%     53.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           32      6.39%     59.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           25      4.99%     64.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           19      3.79%     68.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.20%     70.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.40%     71.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            9      1.80%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            8      1.60%     75.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.60%     76.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            6      1.20%     78.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.80%     78.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.80%     79.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.80%     80.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.20%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.20%     80.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.40%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.40%     81.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.20%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            2      0.40%     82.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.20%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            1      0.20%     82.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            2      0.40%     83.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.20%     83.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.40%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.20%     83.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.20%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            3      0.60%     84.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.40%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.20%     85.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.20%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.40%     85.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.20%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.20%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.20%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.20%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.20%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.20%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.40%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.20%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.20%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.20%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.20%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.20%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.20%     88.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.20%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.20%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.20%     89.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.20%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.20%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.40%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           50      9.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       79787500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 194017500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45590000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    68640000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8750.55                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7527.97                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21278.52                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           4.67                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   4.67                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.33                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.58                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8800                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       461                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12795220.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      5001858                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2397                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       626816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     626816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 626816                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7517000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        49929756                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     39730874                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       633105                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38315633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        30682722                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     80.078860                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2794729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         8425                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            111995102                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                365                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        111995467                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            53018920                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2275                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        53021195                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            165014022                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2640                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        165016662                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            49273945                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               533                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        49274478                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                250634232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     49753274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              426794262                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            49929756                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     33477451                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              75263544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5111927                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      120418683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        11805                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           14                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          49273945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        232336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    249767768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.708764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.932540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        174504224     69.87%     69.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5351099      2.14%     72.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6071763      2.43%     74.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7790023      3.12%     77.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5988539      2.40%     79.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7429714      2.97%     82.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5473154      2.19%     85.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5286098      2.12%     87.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31873154     12.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    249767768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.199214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.702857                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         60961176                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     109709608                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          65936030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8847874                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4313079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5814557                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7298                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      423869943                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1239                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4313079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         67396113                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        24869681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     43568873                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          68022726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      41597295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      420876992                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       11150168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      25497817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    314940485                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     592872007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    588815643                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4056364                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         25744090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1245856                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          86601867                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    114495623                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     54782190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36220549                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13596991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          413398225                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483665                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         401822027                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       366079                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     29116421                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     20701637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    249767768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.608783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.716197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     84210655     33.72%     33.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     60953132     24.40%     58.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     41316512     16.54%     74.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27612466     11.06%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17112033      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10072128      4.03%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4204017      1.68%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2929001      1.17%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1357824      0.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    249767768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          770433     25.77%     25.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           3196      0.11%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1700622     56.87%     82.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        515905     17.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     230774693     57.43%     57.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3980893      0.99%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       637972      0.16%     58.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179991      0.04%     58.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148930      0.04%     58.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35630      0.01%     58.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37572      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31693      0.01%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    112714799     28.05%     86.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     53183176     13.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      401822027                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.603221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             2990206                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1051983805                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    440390019                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    397348194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4784302                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2725395                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2322350                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      402266886                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2448669                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     28631575                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8878513                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75929                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       120903                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3697832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       257451                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        64640                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4313079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7482447                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1853654                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    418063286                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     114495623                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     54782190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1398749                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11913                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       120903                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       427405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213918                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       641323                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     400995297                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     111995471                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       826730                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4181396                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            165016666                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         47367843                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           53021195                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.599922                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              400010349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             399670544                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         269608985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         321058696                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.594637                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.839750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     30779297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       625831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    245454689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.579068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.629502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    126507760     51.54%     51.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     61046613     24.87%     76.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14605881      5.95%     82.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4656289      1.90%     84.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3818620      1.56%     85.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2032852      0.83%     86.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1537449      0.63%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1294794      0.53%     87.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     29954431     12.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    245454689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      29954431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            633866897                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           841058599                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   98808                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  866464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.653039                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.653039                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.531302                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.531302                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        566185595                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       301122718                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2438057                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1164885                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1409                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7845.447029                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    10325245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                   1100.889754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6242.835237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   415.943142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1117.730911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         65.045343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          3.892395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.762065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.050774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.136442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.007940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5189259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5189318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5142643                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5142643                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1319110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1319110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            59                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6508369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6508428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           59                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6508369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6508428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       154632500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    418387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     418387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63975500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        573019500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63975500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       573019500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5190739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5191716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5142643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5142643                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1325852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1325852                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6516591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6517568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6516591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6517568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.005085                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.001402                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.001402                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69690.087146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61254.729730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64483.944954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62056.808069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62056.808069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69690.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61912.430066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62693.599562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69690.087146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61912.430066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62693.599562                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       655                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73678000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127119500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    340868000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340868000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    414546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    414546000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.001402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.939611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58215.141612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49782.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53010.633862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50558.884604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50558.884604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58215.141612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50419.119436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51202.133479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58215.141612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50419.119436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51202.133479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5954943244                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5191716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5191715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5142643                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1325852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1325852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18175825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18177778                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    746190976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 746253440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             746253440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        10972748500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1688247                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9776913750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.448614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            49275660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          42296.703863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      125314461750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   466.963478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    40.485136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.912038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.079073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49272445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        49272445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49272445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         49272445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     49272445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        49272445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94936497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94936497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94936497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94936497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94936497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94936497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49273945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     49273945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49273945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     49273945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     49273945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     49273945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63290.998000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63290.998000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63290.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63290.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63290.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63290.998000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    38.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65550753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65550753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65550753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65550753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65550753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65550753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67093.912999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67093.912999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67093.912999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67093.912999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67093.912999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67093.912999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6516462                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           206.724594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           117988612                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6516669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             18.105663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   206.715165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.009429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.403741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.403759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71199023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        71199023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     46404738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       46404738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       190780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       190780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    117603761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        117603761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    117603761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       117603761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11656283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      11656283                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4486191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4486191                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2650                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16142474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16142474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16142474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16142474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 126804566750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 126804566750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  61979429062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  61979429062                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     35951000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188783995812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 188783995812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 188783995812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 188783995812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82855306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     82855306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133746235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    133746235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    133746235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    133746235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.088153                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013700                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10878.645169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10878.645169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13815.601935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13815.601935                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13566.415094                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13566.415094                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11694.861383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11694.861383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11694.861383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11694.861383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       356018                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             57468                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.195065                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5142643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5142643                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6465233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6465233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3160653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3160653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2647                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2647                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9625886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      9625886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9625886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      9625886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5191050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5191050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1325538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1325538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6516588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6516588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6516588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6516588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58817138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  58817138500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15558121248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15558121248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74375259748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  74375259748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74375259748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  74375259748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11330.489689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11330.489689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11737.212549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11737.212549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11413.221113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.221113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11413.221113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11413.221113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
