
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055824                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55824398500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55826109000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36620                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36620                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7984036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6992.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4752704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74261                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1114351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170501506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171615857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1114351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1114351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85136681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85136681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85136681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1114351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170501506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256752538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149694                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74261                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223955                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580352                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4752704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580352                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4752704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9372                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4640                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55824368500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149694                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74261                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1319.697026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     568.170559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2009.289199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1632     15.07%     15.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          999      9.23%     24.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          345      3.19%     27.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          197      1.82%     29.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          228      2.11%     31.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          257      2.37%     33.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          459      4.24%     38.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          558      5.15%     43.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          266      2.46%     45.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          201      1.86%     47.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          181      1.67%     49.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          172      1.59%     50.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          209      1.93%     52.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          266      2.46%     55.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          722      6.67%     61.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          483      4.46%     66.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          194      1.79%     68.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          215      1.99%     70.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          160      1.48%     71.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          166      1.53%     73.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          229      2.12%     75.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          225      2.08%     77.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          929      8.58%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           63      0.58%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           45      0.42%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           34      0.31%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           33      0.30%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           31      0.29%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           34      0.31%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           32      0.30%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           25      0.23%     88.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           28      0.26%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.15%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           17      0.16%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           22      0.20%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.13%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.07%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.08%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.11%     89.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           11      0.10%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            7      0.06%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            7      0.06%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           12      0.11%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           14      0.13%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.08%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           10      0.09%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.06%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.09%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           11      0.10%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           10      0.09%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.06%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.05%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           12      0.11%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           12      0.11%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            8      0.07%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.06%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.04%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            9      0.08%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            9      0.08%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.05%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.04%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.04%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.07%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.04%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.10%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            8      0.07%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.04%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           14      0.13%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            9      0.08%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.04%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.08%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.04%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.03%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.02%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.05%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.03%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.06%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            4      0.04%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.03%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            8      0.07%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.05%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            7      0.06%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            6      0.06%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            4      0.04%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            8      0.07%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            6      0.06%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            5      0.05%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.04%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.05%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.03%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.04%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.03%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            6      0.06%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.04%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            9      0.08%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.04%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.07%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.03%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.03%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            7      0.06%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            7      0.06%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           10      0.09%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            8      0.07%     94.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            5      0.05%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           12      0.11%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.03%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           11      0.10%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          614      5.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      119215500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3051375500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748385000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2183775000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         796.49                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14589.92                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20386.40                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.62                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.62                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.58                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143137                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69958                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249266.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256751392                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14332992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14332992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14332992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409021500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8741125                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3030898                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5557605                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5549972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862657                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851681                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73104837                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1416                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106253                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24466769                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               715                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24467484                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97571606                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2131                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97573737                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23375521                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23375622                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111648797                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23405272                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265159956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8741125                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8401653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38730446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           69453                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39696494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23375521                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101889774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.602420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578546                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63159328     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351531      1.33%     63.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568724      2.52%     65.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275183      1.25%     67.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1539020      1.51%     68.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           799991      0.79%     69.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882452      1.85%     71.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1113679      1.09%     72.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28199866     27.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101889774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078291                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374947                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31783323                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31325647                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31872834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6852486                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          55483                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2856767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265121461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          55483                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33966940                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13737954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       121485                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36560100                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17447811                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265063687                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16049215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226127973                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370808509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258185806                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112622703                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           407744                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2509                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52613436                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73141997                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24489198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      9664490                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       716609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256446061                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2984                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256255077                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       403991                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       360909                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101889774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.515023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.591425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10720742     10.52%     10.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18913621     18.56%     29.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     23502680     23.07%     52.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21169491     20.78%     72.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15057857     14.78%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      9151127      8.98%     96.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2866486      2.81%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       420516      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        87254      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101889774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           13224      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        439863     13.58%     13.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       229868      7.10%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1217699     37.59%     58.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1338604     41.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90339347     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697548      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588737     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551609      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540613      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118816     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24469182      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256255077                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.295189                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3239258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    458806066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177741665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177132800                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158838222                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115297                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081072                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179739805                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79754406                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9867408                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       129757                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          204                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3995                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        37780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          696                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          55483                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4021608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        315667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    264999460                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2380                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73141997                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24489198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1597                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           7750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25377                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3995                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         4952                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2927                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7879                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256236200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106265                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18877                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550415                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97573750                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730446                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24467485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.295020                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256223410                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256213872                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218225383                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246128843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.294820                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886631                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       384176                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7462                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101834291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.598240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.280398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     39789754     39.07%     39.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26559536     26.08%     65.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3555320      3.49%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1794755      1.76%     70.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1718497      1.69%     72.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1128952      1.11%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1751270      1.72%     74.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1780556      1.75%     76.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23755651     23.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101834291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23755651                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343035838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530003848                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  148616                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9759023                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.436057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.436057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.293279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.293279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286543810                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151540098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818746                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335455                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141772                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7929.669205                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.347730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               48908504500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5584.997264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.367985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2317.008813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.618903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.676240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.681762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.282838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.967977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        30896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   30969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            97149                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 97149                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14100                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         44996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    45069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   45069                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75364                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74330                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4584836750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4650703750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4610722250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4610722250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9195559000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9261426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9195559000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9261426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              106333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        97149                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             97149                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             88430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               194763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              194763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.708755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.840552                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.768596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.768596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67764.403292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61630.776831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61709.884693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62030.435221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62030.435221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67764.403292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61830.522720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61869.052868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67764.403292                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61830.522720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61869.052868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74261                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148722                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3730131250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3784832250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3757109750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3757109750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7487241000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7541942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7487241000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7541942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.706557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.708755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.768596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.767724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.768596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56276.748971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50141.564281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50220.692240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50546.344006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50546.344006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56276.748971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50343.869770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50382.393416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56276.748971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50343.869770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50382.393416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   334660838                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             106333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            106331                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            97149                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            88430                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           88430                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       484583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       486673                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18615360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  18682240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              18682240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         326773000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.762790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23377264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19036.859935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23374063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23374063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23374063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93122749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93122749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93122749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93122749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93122749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93122749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23375521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23375521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23375521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23375521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63870.198217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63870.198217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63870.198217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63870.198217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63870.198217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63870.198217                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    45.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67650500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67650500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67650500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67650500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64737.320574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64737.320574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64737.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64737.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64737.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64737.320574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            193284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.479344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            87010188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            193796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            448.978245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         146999750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.424529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.054814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62865908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62865908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24141513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24141513                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     87007421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         87007421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     87007421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        87007421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       369501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        369501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       308554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       308554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       678055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         678055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       678055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        678055                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17153213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17153213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13915000455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13915000455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31068213455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31068213455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31068213455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31068213455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63235409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63235409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87685476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87685476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87685476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46422.642970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46422.642970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45097.456053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45097.456053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14252.847380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14252.847380                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45819.606750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45819.606750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45819.606750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45819.606750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5643                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                93                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.677419                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        97149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             97149                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       264210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       264210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       484339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       484339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       484339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       484339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        88425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        88425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       193716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       193716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5000545750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5000545750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4840974248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4840974248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9841519998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9841519998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9841519998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9841519998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003617                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47492.622826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47492.622826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54746.669471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54746.669471                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50803.857183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50803.857183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50803.857183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50803.857183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
