
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184979                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184978692500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184980403000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55271                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55271                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12045819                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750372                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15356.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31551936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                492999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       337682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170232969                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170570651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             337682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85080329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85080329                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85080329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       337682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170232969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255650980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493000                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738907                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31551936                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31551936                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30911                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184978662500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493000                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1324.164718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     625.823202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1958.772965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4253     11.92%     11.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3500      9.81%     21.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          498      1.40%     23.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          612      1.72%     24.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          579      1.62%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          724      2.03%     28.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1577      4.42%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2412      6.76%     39.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          688      1.93%     41.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          583      1.63%     43.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          442      1.24%     44.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          547      1.53%     46.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          543      1.52%     47.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          868      2.43%     49.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3416      9.58%     59.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2105      5.90%     65.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          578      1.62%     67.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          538      1.51%     68.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          447      1.25%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          455      1.28%     71.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          556      1.56%     72.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          789      2.21%     74.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4754     13.33%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          177      0.50%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          129      0.36%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          101      0.28%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           75      0.21%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           78      0.22%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           54      0.15%     89.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           61      0.17%     90.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           76      0.21%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           64      0.18%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           63      0.18%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           65      0.18%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           33      0.09%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           33      0.09%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           24      0.07%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           30      0.08%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           24      0.07%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           20      0.06%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           15      0.04%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           22      0.06%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           21      0.06%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           23      0.06%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           32      0.09%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           39      0.11%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           21      0.06%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           14      0.04%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           11      0.03%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           11      0.03%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           13      0.04%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           12      0.03%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            7      0.02%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.02%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            9      0.03%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.03%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            9      0.03%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           12      0.03%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            9      0.03%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.03%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           10      0.03%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           34      0.10%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           15      0.04%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           32      0.09%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           11      0.03%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           11      0.03%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           12      0.03%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.03%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            7      0.02%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           13      0.04%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.03%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           10      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.02%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.02%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.02%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.01%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           13      0.04%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            9      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           11      0.03%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.01%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           10      0.03%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.01%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.02%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.01%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            8      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            4      0.01%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.01%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.02%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            8      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            9      0.03%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            7      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.03%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           29      0.08%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           10      0.03%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           25      0.07%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            8      0.02%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            9      0.03%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.01%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            5      0.01%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            7      0.02%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.01%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.02%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            8      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           11      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            9      0.03%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            8      0.02%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.02%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.02%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.01%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           11      0.03%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            5      0.01%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           10      0.03%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            7      0.02%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           10      0.03%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.02%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           12      0.03%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           13      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            3      0.01%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            5      0.01%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.02%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           13      0.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           35      0.10%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2146      6.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      337574250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10005785500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464930000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7203281250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         684.75                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14611.53                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20296.29                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.57                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.57                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.08                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.32                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471419                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231787                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250340.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255650634                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47289920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47289920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47289920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10000029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377443                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366461                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940242                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          103                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242278251                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4534                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282785                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090179                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092431                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323368430                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6786                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323375216                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77407750                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               100                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77407850                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369957385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77450241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878431588                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816459                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128291851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          159148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      132126742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1532                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77407750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337999192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.598916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.577579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209707341     62.04%     62.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471979      1.32%     63.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510358      2.52%     65.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218541      1.25%     67.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090643      1.51%     68.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643205      0.78%     69.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231500      1.84%     71.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689327      1.09%     72.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93436298     27.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337999192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374413                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105283831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104308154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105571929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22707033                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         128244                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461769                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878338080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1542                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         128244                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112543900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45664885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       372682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121070531                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58218949                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878202880                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53532374                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749242804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228556260                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855116320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373439940                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           954823                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5808                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3726                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         175128826                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242358398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81141121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31735054                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2571883                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849713383                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6873                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849306798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11752                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       952851                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       772843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          111                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337999192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.512748                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35395517     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63234045     18.71%     29.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77668371     22.98%     52.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70418752     20.83%     72.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50028347     14.80%     87.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30170828      8.93%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9384125      2.78%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1386179      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       313028      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337999192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44658      0.42%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1456879     13.60%     14.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       744290      6.95%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4024905     37.56%     58.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4445316     41.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334788     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887771      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957202     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252115      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320066      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147066      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242310777     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096617      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849306798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.295688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10716048                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012617                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520673206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588352296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586990984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526667382                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332928                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222851                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595587027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264435426                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32693314                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          721                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12236                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94207                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          808                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         128244                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13371180                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1041505                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878058001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242358398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81141121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84242                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12236                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10209                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4246                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14455                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849263485                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282795                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337745                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323375228                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892219                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092433                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.295571                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849236602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849213835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723363274                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816041789                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.295437                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       879943                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13424                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337870948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.595934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.282084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132711246     39.28%     39.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87567615     25.92%     65.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11672825      3.45%     68.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5928530      1.75%     70.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5684744      1.68%     72.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3768524      1.12%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5799703      1.72%     74.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5889943      1.74%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78847818     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337870948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78847818                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136939807                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756070082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489557                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31958193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.294204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.294204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949654416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502209182                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934568                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488421                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485093                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8027.531173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      241090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.488768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5550.654445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.567370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2468.316891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.787715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.677570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       154061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  154135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           332948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                332948                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        55027                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 55027                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        209088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   209162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       209088                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  209162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247013                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493000                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493000                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66733250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15044171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15110904250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15347961250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15347961250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66733250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392132250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30458865500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66733250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392132250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30458865500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       400098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              401148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       332948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            332948                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       301014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            301014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       701112                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               702162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       701112                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              702162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.615765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.817195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.702117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.702117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68374.231557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61145.969915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61174.530288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62393.383593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62393.383593                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68374.231557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61769.613373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61782.688641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68374.231557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61769.613373                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61782.688641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493000                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55521750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12217139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12272660750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12522921750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12522921750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55521750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740060750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24795582500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55521750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740060750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24795582500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.614942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.615765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.817195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.817195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.702117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.701777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.702117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56887.038934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49655.698127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49684.270666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50908.876282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50908.876282                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56887.038934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50282.223530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50295.299189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56887.038934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50282.223530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50295.299189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   358132664                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             401148                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            401146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           332948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           301014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          301014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1735170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1737270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     66179712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  66246912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              66246912                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          850503000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1812750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1171579750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77409495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62781.423358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.575081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.248049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77406294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77406294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77406294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77406294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1456                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94691749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94691749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94691749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94691749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94691749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94691749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77407750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77407750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77407750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77407750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65035.541896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65035.541896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65035.541896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65035.541896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65035.541896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65035.541896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          406                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68533750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68533750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68533750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68533750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68533750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68533750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65270.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65270.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65270.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65270.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65270.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65270.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            700770                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           419.865782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288221852                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            701190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            411.046723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   419.849563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.820019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.820050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208229459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208229459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79987180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79987180                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288216639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288216639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288216639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288216639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1351544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1351544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1056607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1056607                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2408151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2408151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2408151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2408151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57617477750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57617477750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47195009484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47195009484                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104812487234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104812487234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104812487234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104812487234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209581003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209581003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290624790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290624790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290624790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290624790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013037                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42630.856080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42630.856080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44666.569012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44666.569012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43524.051122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43524.051122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43524.051122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43524.051122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               182                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.527473                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       332948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            332948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       951447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       951447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       755593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       755593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1707040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1707040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1707040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1707040                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       400097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       400097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       301014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       301014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       701111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       701111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       701111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       701111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16989923750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16989923750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16204483250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16204483250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33194407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33194407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33194407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33194407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003714                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42464.511731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42464.511731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53832.988665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53832.988665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47345.437456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47345.437456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47345.437456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47345.437456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
