
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055979                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55979362000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55981072500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37175                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37175                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8127562                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6887.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045082                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9520704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9583040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4754624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4754624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148761                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74291                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1113553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170075250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               171188803                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1113553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1113553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84935302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84935302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84935302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1113553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170075250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              256124105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149736                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74291                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         224027                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9583040                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4754624                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9583040                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4754624                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9538                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9244                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9267                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9261                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9415                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9348                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9400                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4647                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55979332000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149736                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74291                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1206.529124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     500.454422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1880.288954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           2062     17.41%     17.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1222     10.32%     27.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          474      4.00%     31.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          299      2.52%     34.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          279      2.36%     36.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          317      2.68%     39.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          433      3.66%     42.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          476      4.02%     46.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          324      2.74%     49.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          245      2.07%     51.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          231      1.95%     53.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          228      1.92%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          301      2.54%     58.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          317      2.68%     60.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          512      4.32%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          333      2.81%     67.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          255      2.15%     70.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          213      1.80%     71.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          213      1.80%     73.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          230      1.94%     75.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          241      2.03%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          258      2.18%     79.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          594      5.01%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           80      0.68%     85.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           75      0.63%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           49      0.41%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           40      0.34%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           49      0.41%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           39      0.33%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           41      0.35%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           39      0.33%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           31      0.26%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           27      0.23%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           27      0.23%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           24      0.20%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           29      0.24%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           26      0.22%     89.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           20      0.17%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           16      0.14%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           21      0.18%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           15      0.13%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           24      0.20%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           14      0.12%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           18      0.15%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           20      0.17%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           20      0.17%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            8      0.07%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           21      0.18%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           13      0.11%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           13      0.11%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           12      0.10%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           11      0.09%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            7      0.06%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           10      0.08%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.06%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.07%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           13      0.11%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.08%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.03%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           15      0.13%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           10      0.08%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           11      0.09%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.08%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           12      0.10%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.03%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.03%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           10      0.08%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.08%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.06%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.05%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           10      0.08%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            7      0.06%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.05%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.07%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            5      0.04%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.06%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.04%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            5      0.04%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.03%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.04%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            9      0.08%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.03%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            8      0.07%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.07%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.03%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            4      0.03%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.03%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.04%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            5      0.04%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.03%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            7      0.06%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            8      0.07%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.04%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.06%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.03%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.03%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.06%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.06%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.04%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.03%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           11      0.09%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.05%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.03%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.04%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.07%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.07%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.03%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            9      0.08%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.03%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           11      0.09%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           15      0.13%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            9      0.08%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           13      0.11%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          493      4.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      129104750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3069846000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748675000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2192066250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         862.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14639.64                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20501.86                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         171.19                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 171.19                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.94                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.77                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     142948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69231                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  93.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       249877.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    256122962                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74350                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14337600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14337600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14337600                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409177500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710262000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8743661                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3031276                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7978                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5559148                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5551615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.864494                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2852486                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          110                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73107464                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1477                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73108941                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24469840                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               726                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24470566                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97577304                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2203                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97579507                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23380464                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                96                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23380560                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111958724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23411038                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265188150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8743661                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8404101                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38735728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           73722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       39958466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           62                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1453                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23380464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3481                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    102166131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.595656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.576306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63430403     62.09%     62.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1352111      1.32%     63.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568839      2.51%     65.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275987      1.25%     67.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1539649      1.51%     68.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800108      0.78%     69.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1883431      1.84%     71.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1114146      1.09%     72.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28201457     27.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    102166131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.368624                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31803695                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      31573267                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31844748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6885556                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          58864                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2858244                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           488                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265147861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          58864                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33885757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13879468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        92339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36560703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17688999                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265087735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16285602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226142185                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370839836                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258204421                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112635415                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720147                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           422038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2508                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52585256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73145191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24495871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10941961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1095967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256465821                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2976                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256268708                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4879                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       421986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       371912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          103                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    102166131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.508353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.585806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     10836571     10.61%     10.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18646903     18.25%     28.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     24129200     23.62%     52.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     20983181     20.54%     73.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15445173     15.12%     88.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8721599      8.54%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2890616      2.83%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       421625      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        91263      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    102166131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14278      0.43%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           168      0.01%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        434823     13.04%     13.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       228757      6.86%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1216461     36.47%     56.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1441219     43.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90344963     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697533      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38590491     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551637      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540635      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73121981     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24472243      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256268708                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.288957                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3335706                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    459199273                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177765880                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177142080                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158844859                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79129670                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79084511                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179847068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79757222                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9786431                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       132971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          230                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4835                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        44455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          896                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          58864                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4072706                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        194814                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    265021838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73145191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24495871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1593                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           8940                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11440                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4835                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5031                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7963                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256248744                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73108950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8553041                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97579516                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8731749                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24470566                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.288779                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256236244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256226591                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218119529                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246768626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.288581                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       406596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7508                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102107267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.591292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.276282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     40064583     39.24%     39.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26489464     25.94%     65.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3533196      3.46%     68.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1854119      1.82%     70.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1726826      1.69%     72.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1222486      1.20%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1751007      1.71%     75.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1778887      1.74%     76.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23686699     23.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102107267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23686699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343400067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530051871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  150348                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9792593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041691                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.437268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.437268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.286929                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.286929                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286558820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151546236                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83822093                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74338516                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533402                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141833                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7869.253448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       88471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.589921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               54997354250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5545.396230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    23.912055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2296.648425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.618840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.677897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.676928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.280353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.960602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   44452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           118445                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                118445                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 31090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         75469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    75542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        75469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   75542                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148762                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149736                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66757750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4599539000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4666296750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4615523250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4615523250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66757750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9215062250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9281820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66757750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9215062250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9281820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       118791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              119838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       118445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            118445                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            105440                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       224231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               225278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       224231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              225278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.629066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.705140                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.664672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.664672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68539.784394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61811.791109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61898.717932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62078.322125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62078.322125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68539.784394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61945.001076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61987.898702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68539.784394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61945.001076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61987.898702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55568250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3744607000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3800175250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3761652750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3761652750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55568250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7506259750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7561828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55568250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7506259750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7561828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.626411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.629066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.705140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.664672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.663432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.664672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57051.591376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50322.622695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50409.562120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50593.850034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50593.850034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57051.591376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50458.179844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50501.068547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57051.591376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50458.179844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50501.068547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   392968823                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             119838                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            119836                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           118445                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           105440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          105440                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       566905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       568999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     21931136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  21998144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              21998144                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          290306500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1808250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         372564500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.763074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23382199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19009.917886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.472339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.290735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23378998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23378998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23378998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23378998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23378998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23378998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94597249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94597249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94597249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94597249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94597249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94597249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23380464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23380464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23380464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23380464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23380464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23380464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64527.454980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.454980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64527.454980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.454980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64527.454980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64527.454980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          367                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    52.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          419                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68540250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68540250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68540250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68540250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68540250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68540250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.467049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65463.467049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.467049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65463.467049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.467049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65463.467049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            223797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.393753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86948202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            224309                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            387.626899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         332223250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.293455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.100299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62879684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62879684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24065543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24065543                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1123                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86945227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86945227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86945227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86945227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       439180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        439180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       384522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       384522                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          230                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       823702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         823702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       823702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        823702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17834353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17834353500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14738393155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14738393155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3514250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3514250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32572746655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32572746655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32572746655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32572746655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63318864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63318864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450065                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87768929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87768929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87768929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87768929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.169993                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.169993                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40608.300697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40608.300697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38329.128515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38329.128515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15279.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15279.347826                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39544.333576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39544.333576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39544.333576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39544.333576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6084                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.920354                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       118445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            118445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       320309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       320309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       279164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       279164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       599473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       599473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       599473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       599473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       118871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       118871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       105358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       224229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5164531500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5164531500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5032128999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5032128999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       123000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       123000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10196660499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10196660499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10196660499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10196660499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004309                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43446.521860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43446.521860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47762.191756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47762.191756                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45474.316431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45474.316431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45474.316431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45474.316431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
