
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.176704                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                176704446500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               176706157500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30845                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30845                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9553377                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750584                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18496.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   570525188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     570525188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4722624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4783104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2136704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2136704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       342266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26726119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                27068385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       342266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             342266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12091965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12091965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12091965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       342266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26726119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39160350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74736                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33386                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108122                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4783104                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2136704                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4783104                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2136704                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       22                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4616                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4687                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4544                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4554                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4616                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4795                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4701                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2094                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2115                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2069                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2082                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1994                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2054                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2018                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2098                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2120                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2107                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    176704155000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74736                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33386                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      557.826459                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     224.405323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1121.232740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4109     33.17%     33.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1817     14.67%     47.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1159      9.36%     57.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          803      6.48%     63.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          511      4.12%     67.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          374      3.02%     70.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          357      2.88%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          340      2.74%     76.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          216      1.74%     78.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          120      0.97%     79.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          125      1.01%     80.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          129      1.04%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           82      0.66%     81.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           86      0.69%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          109      0.88%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          144      1.16%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           79      0.64%     85.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           72      0.58%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           66      0.53%     86.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          191      1.54%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           58      0.47%     88.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           52      0.42%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          406      3.28%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          350      2.83%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           32      0.26%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           25      0.20%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           17      0.14%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           21      0.17%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           16      0.13%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.08%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           15      0.12%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           16      0.13%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.06%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.05%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           14      0.11%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.05%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           13      0.10%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.07%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.03%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.03%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            9      0.07%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.04%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            6      0.05%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           14      0.11%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.06%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            9      0.07%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            7      0.06%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            6      0.05%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.04%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            5      0.04%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            5      0.04%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.05%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           10      0.08%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            7      0.06%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.06%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.06%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.06%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            6      0.05%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            4      0.03%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.04%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.04%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.04%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.05%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          108      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      692531750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1984134250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    373570000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   918032500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9269.10                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12287.29                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26556.39                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          27.07                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  27.07                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.09                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.02                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26006                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1634303.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39160350                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33386                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       182858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        182858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6919808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6919808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6919808                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           187605000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          354417750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        57734453                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46648368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       701477                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37252582                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36851218                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.922587                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3001532                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4519                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            187595760                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1083                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        187596843                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78234770                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4669                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78239439                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            265830530                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5752                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        265836282                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65967175                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               214                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65967389                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105679                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                353410485                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66441778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              618578826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            57734453                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39852750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             103640734                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5745395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      174961288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5212                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65967175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        265631                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    349923073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.026062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        246282339     70.38%     70.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6411485      1.83%     72.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6725789      1.92%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9689009      2.77%     76.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7403878      2.12%     79.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9283893      2.65%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6786458      1.94%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5826765      1.67%     85.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51513457     14.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    349923073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.163364                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.750313                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85309937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     156603572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87298885                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15846316                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4864362                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6325086                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9623                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      615651693                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1176                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4864362                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         94850119                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        37595576                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48350355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93107579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71155081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      612216107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18282165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46014503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    472579629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     869565558                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    864201311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5364247                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442552452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30027177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1284389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317248                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         144530774                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    191003928                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80353184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75323231                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20808316                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          603863720                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       528766                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         590073594                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       411280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33410811                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24599841                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          302                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    349923073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.686295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.657884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    103439881     29.56%     29.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     87647563     25.05%     54.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     63881814     18.26%     72.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45185134     12.91%     85.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26648161      7.62%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     12929236      3.69%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5038069      1.44%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3585957      1.02%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1567258      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    349923073                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          830163     16.54%     16.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4240      0.08%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            12      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3630786     72.36%     88.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        552414     11.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105661      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     314963490     53.38%     53.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6456357      1.09%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       990932      0.17%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       279770      0.05%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234370      0.04%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55307      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59084      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51267      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188462550     31.94%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78414806     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      590073594                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.669655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5017655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008503                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1528982916                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    634309544                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    584453791                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6516280                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3677012                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3184871                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      591667117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3318471                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     58876249                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     10951496                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        80202                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       188465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3662389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       229921                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        18476                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4864362                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7308937                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2166655                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    608980137                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     191003928                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80353184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317243                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1656623                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3617                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       188465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534606                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       172885                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       707491                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     589082176                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     187596845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       991418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4587651                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            265836284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55184722                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78239439                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.666850                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              588075475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             587638662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         421392016                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         479339731                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.662765                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.879109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34363608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       528464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       691875                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    345058711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.665825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.601721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    155779131     45.15%     45.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101125648     29.31%     74.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25452894      7.38%     81.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8672693      2.51%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5588221      1.62%     85.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2595991      0.75%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1904156      0.55%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1519738      0.44%     87.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42420239     12.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    345058711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    574807368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      574807368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256743227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180052432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53898796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2948214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         563540101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2852065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42420239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            911796968                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1223216937                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   93473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3487412                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             570521797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.619451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.619451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.614332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.614332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        837505939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       455723944                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3365263                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1802470                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1272225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         422784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66785                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8151.576265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9035630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     74739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    120.895784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27281667000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1609.075443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    77.209120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6465.033180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.203098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.055424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.196420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5598563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5598566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3472373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3472373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1383643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1383643                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6982206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  6982209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6982206                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 6982209                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64626500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2436461500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2501088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2583308750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2583308750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64626500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5019770250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5084396750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64626500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5019770250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5084396750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5636909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5637858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3472373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3472373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1419088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1419088                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7055997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7056946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7055997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7056946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024977                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68315.539112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63538.869765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63653.873562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72882.176612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72882.176612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68315.539112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68026.863032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68030.517013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68315.539112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68026.863032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68030.517013                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33386                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53770500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1996135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2049906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2176183250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2176183250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53770500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4172318750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4226089250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53770500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4172318750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4226089250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56839.852008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52055.898920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52171.078082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61396.057272                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61396.057272                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56839.852008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56542.379830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56546.145149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56839.852008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56542.379830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56546.145149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3813578919                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5637858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5637857                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3472373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1419088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1419088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17584367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17586264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    673815680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 673876352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             673876352                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8737032500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1652749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10601865250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.572154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65968904                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58020.144239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      176702918750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   459.803956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.768198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.898055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.083532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65965689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65965689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65965689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65965689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65965689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65965689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99721999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99721999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99721999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99721999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99721999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99721999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65967175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65967175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65967175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65967175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65967175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65967175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67107.670929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67107.670929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67107.670929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67107.670929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67107.670929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67107.670929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65609251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65609251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65609251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65609251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65609251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65609251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69135.143309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69135.143309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69135.143309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69135.143309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69135.143309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69135.143309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7055588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           483.199215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           187579765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7056075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.584151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   483.192241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.943735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115618727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       115618727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71544079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71544079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       204926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    187162806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        187162806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    187162806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       187162806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12650188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12650188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4935325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4935325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6468                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6468                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17585513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17585513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17585513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17585513                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 143034092500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143034092500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76164488726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76164488726                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87784250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87784250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219198581226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 219198581226                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219198581226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 219198581226                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    128268915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128268915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204748319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204748319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204748319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204748319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064531                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030597                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030597                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11306.874846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11306.874846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15432.517357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15432.517357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13572.085652                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13572.085652                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12464.724869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12464.724869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12464.724869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12464.724869                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       755839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             13133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.552654                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3472373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3472373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7013037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7013037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3516482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3516482                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6465                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6465                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10529519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10529519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10529519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10529519                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5637151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5637151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1418843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1418843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7055994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7055994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7055994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7055994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65869380250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65869380250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18468653998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18468653998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84338034248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84338034248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84338034248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84338034248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018552                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11684.870647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11684.870647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13016.700225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13016.700225                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11952.679417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11952.679417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11952.679417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11952.679417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
