
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.099304                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 99304271000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                99305982000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27934                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27934                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7227742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749516                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13739.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   383800144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     383800144                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        58304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       525760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               584064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        58304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           58304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        40448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total             40448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  9126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       587125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      5294435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 5881560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       587125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             587125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            407314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 407314                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            407314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       587125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      5294435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6288874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          9126                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                          632                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           9758                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       584064                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                     40448                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 584064                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                  40448                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   406                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   527                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   396                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   464                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   596                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   778                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   875                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   583                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  547                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  417                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    52                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                    11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                    15                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    6                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   17                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   35                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                   88                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                   78                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     99303979500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    9126                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                    632                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      4103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1297.673640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     262.463075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2583.518880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            196     41.00%     41.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53     11.09%     52.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           28      5.86%     57.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           26      5.44%     63.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      3.56%     66.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.30%     69.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.46%     70.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           16      3.35%     74.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            6      1.26%     75.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.67%     76.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            5      1.05%     78.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            2      0.42%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      0.84%     79.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      1.05%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            2      0.42%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            3      0.63%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            1      0.21%     81.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.42%     82.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.21%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.21%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            1      0.21%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.42%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.21%     83.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.21%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.42%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.21%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.21%     84.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.63%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.21%     85.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.21%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.21%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.63%     86.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.21%     86.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.21%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.21%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.42%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.21%     87.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.21%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.21%     87.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.21%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.21%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.21%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.21%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.21%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.42%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           51     10.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       78261750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 193211750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     45540000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    69410000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8592.64                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     7620.77                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21213.41                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           5.88                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   5.88                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.41                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.00                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       8804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                       447                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   96.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     10176673.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      6288874                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              6773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             6773                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        18884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         18884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       624512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     624512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 624512                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7407000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43324750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        48190362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     38432955                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       522494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     33272948                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        29871687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.777699                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2624421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2632                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            110585827                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                266                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        110586093                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            52259047                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2281                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        52261328                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            162844874                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2547                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        162847421                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            47693412                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               163                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        47693575                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                96696                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                198609512                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     48107937                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              416829874                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            48190362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     32496108                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              73511345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         3682406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       73542778                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           92                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3824                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           34                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          47693412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        134564                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    198228392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.102776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.124015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        124717047     62.92%     62.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5215045      2.63%     65.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          5890655      2.97%     68.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          7775581      3.92%     72.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5872342      2.96%     75.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          7181739      3.62%     79.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          5234776      2.64%     81.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5029599      2.54%     84.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         31311608     15.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    198228392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.242639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.098741                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         56106663                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      65890193                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          66562128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6614294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        3055113                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      5670559                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          7292                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      414695621                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1186                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        3055113                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         59627871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        17226925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16822332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          69492174                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      32003976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      412202293                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       10386839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      19314360                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    309045108                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     581212385                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    577170171                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4042214                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     289196395                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         19848713                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1170881                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       290182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          59063613                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    112473962                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     53232006                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35500300                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     12586842                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          404634154                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       483624                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         396503865                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        66747                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21187263                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14995822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           67                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    198228392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.000238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.740800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     44903099     22.65%     22.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     45840064     23.12%     45.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42337808     21.36%     67.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     27704514     13.98%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     17065183      8.61%     89.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10882829      5.49%     95.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      6440993      3.25%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2877408      1.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       176494      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    198228392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           97772      2.96%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             56      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             8      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2459896     74.49%     77.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        744735     22.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        96678      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     227795023     57.45%     57.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3976750      1.00%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       636474      0.16%     58.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       179639      0.05%     58.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       148588      0.04%     58.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        35623      0.01%     58.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        37378      0.01%     58.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        31691      0.01%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    111237747     28.05%     86.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     52328274     13.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      396503865                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.996399                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3302507                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008329                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    989822285                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    423692949                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    392587232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      4783091                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2723060                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2322856                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      397261088                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         2448606                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24194496                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      6856852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        67967                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       114711                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2147648                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       212528                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2298                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        3055113                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1772434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        373904                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    409016402                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       109534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     112473962                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     53232006                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       290178                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          44805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           404                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       114711                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       371110                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       155905                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       527015                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     395802497                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     110586097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       701368                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               3898624                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            162847425                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         46569235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           52261328                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.992868                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              395158530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             394910088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         264130217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         305649792                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.988374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.864160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21652595                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       483557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       515225                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    195173279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.985875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.521962                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     56752515     29.08%     29.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     74137012     37.99%     67.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     19101850      9.79%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7974947      4.09%     80.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5612610      2.88%     83.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4836903      2.48%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3049989      1.56%     87.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3270384      1.68%     89.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     20437069     10.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    195173279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    387589682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      387589682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              156701468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             105617110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              193429                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           45895862                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2122017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         377808999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2579411                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      20437069                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            583976147                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           821546391                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   35063                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  381120                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             383796753                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     383796753                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.517486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.517486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.932419                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.932419                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        559186830                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       297796815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2438263                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1161762                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1164470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         386859                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1359                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7791.632617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       52476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      9250                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      5.673081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6235.206097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   400.807352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1085.133462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         66.028793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          4.456913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.761134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.048927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.132463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.008060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.951127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        24009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   24067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            35919                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 35919                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        10377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 10377                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         34386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    34444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        34386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   34444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                6773                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62046250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       151502250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    420236000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     420236000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62046250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        571738250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     62046250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    509692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       571738250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               26421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        35919                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             35919                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                43571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        42601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               43571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.089096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.394927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.394927                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.209474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.209474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68033.168860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62036.061026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64359.494477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62045.769969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62045.769969                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68033.168860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62044.065733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62642.516709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68033.168860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62044.065733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62642.516709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       632                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             2354                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           6773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51576750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124479750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    342357000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342357000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51576750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415260000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466836750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51576750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    415260000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466836750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.089096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.394927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.209474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.940206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.192836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.209474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56553.453947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50556.865465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52880.097706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50547.320242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50547.320242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56553.453947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50548.995740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.981045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56553.453947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50548.995740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.981045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    51229378                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              26421                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             26420                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            35919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17150                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       121121                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       123060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        62016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5025280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   5087296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               5087296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           75664000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1677749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          65934750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.694332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            47695148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41187.519862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       99304396250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   460.926476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.767856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.900247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.089390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     47691933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        47691933                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     47691933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         47691933                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     47691933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        47691933                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93332749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93332749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93332749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93332749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93332749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93332749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     47693412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47693412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     47693412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     47693412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     47693412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     47693412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63105.306964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63105.306964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63105.306964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63105.306964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63105.306964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63105.306964                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          509                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63599251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63599251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63599251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63599251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63599251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63599251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.238144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65566.238144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.238144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65566.238144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65566.238144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65566.238144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             42167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.115819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           137139048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             42679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           3213.267602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        4745340500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.790573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.325246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.995685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     85930313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        85930313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     50821258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       50821258                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       193406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    136751571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        136751571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    136751571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       136751571                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         54577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        69671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       124248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         124248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       124248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        124248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    750128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    750128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2982027186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2982027186                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       529750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       529750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3732155186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3732155186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3732155186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3732155186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     85984890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     85984890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     50890929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       193430                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       193429                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136875819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    136875819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    136875819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    136875819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13744.397823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13744.397823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42801.555683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42801.555683                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22072.916667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30037.949794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30037.949794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30037.949794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30037.949794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       148042                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1847                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.152680                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             35919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        29116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        29116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        52534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        52534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        81650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        81650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        42598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        42598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    355370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    541117248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    541117248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    896487248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    896487248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    896487248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896487248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000337                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13957.425081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13957.425081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31575.961253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31575.961253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21045.289638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21045.289638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21045.289638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21045.289638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
