
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184882                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184882187500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184883898000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55149                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55149                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12012930                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15390.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31551744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                492996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       337166                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170321481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170658647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       337166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             337166                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85124739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85124739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85124739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       337166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170321481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255783386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        492998                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738905                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31551744                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31551744                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30894                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30850                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184882157500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  492998                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1338.875429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     624.198318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1979.798896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4230     11.99%     11.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3617     10.25%     22.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          599      1.70%     23.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          569      1.61%     25.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          519      1.47%     27.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          684      1.94%     28.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1521      4.31%     33.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2247      6.37%     39.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          606      1.72%     41.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          581      1.65%     43.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          544      1.54%     44.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          649      1.84%     46.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          570      1.62%     48.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          855      2.42%     50.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3223      9.14%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1931      5.47%     65.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          540      1.53%     66.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          577      1.64%     68.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          478      1.35%     69.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          551      1.56%     71.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          518      1.47%     72.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          750      2.13%     74.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4552     12.90%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          154      0.44%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          116      0.33%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          119      0.34%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           71      0.20%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           91      0.26%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           75      0.21%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           55      0.16%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           82      0.23%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           59      0.17%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           83      0.24%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           54      0.15%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           33      0.09%     90.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           30      0.09%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           35      0.10%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           42      0.12%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           27      0.08%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           38      0.11%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           27      0.08%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           22      0.06%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           29      0.08%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           21      0.06%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           26      0.07%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           35      0.10%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           26      0.07%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           19      0.05%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           12      0.03%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           17      0.05%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           14      0.04%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           17      0.05%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           11      0.03%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            9      0.03%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            9      0.03%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           11      0.03%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           11      0.03%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           11      0.03%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           11      0.03%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           12      0.03%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           13      0.04%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           17      0.05%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           30      0.09%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           14      0.04%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           32      0.09%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           16      0.05%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           13      0.04%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           16      0.05%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           14      0.04%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           11      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           11      0.03%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            9      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            7      0.02%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           14      0.04%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           12      0.03%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            8      0.02%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           15      0.04%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.02%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           11      0.03%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.02%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.01%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            6      0.02%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            7      0.02%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            5      0.01%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            9      0.03%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.01%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           14      0.04%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.01%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.03%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.01%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            9      0.03%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.01%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.03%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           21      0.06%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           11      0.03%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           19      0.05%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            6      0.02%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.02%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.02%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            6      0.02%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.03%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.01%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           14      0.04%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            8      0.02%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           10      0.03%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           14      0.04%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           12      0.03%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            7      0.02%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           14      0.04%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.01%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.01%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            9      0.03%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           13      0.04%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            9      0.03%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            6      0.02%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           13      0.04%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.01%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           13      0.04%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            9      0.03%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           12      0.03%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.02%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           19      0.05%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           32      0.09%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2148      6.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      342569000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10002314000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464920000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7194825000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         694.89                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14594.44                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20289.33                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.66                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.66                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.12                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.32                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471619                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231977                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250211.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255783386                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247011                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231901                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47289792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47289792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47289792                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353080500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338576000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999418                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366137                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940007                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449982                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242276840                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4539                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242281379                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090051                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092303                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323366891                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6791                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323373682                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77406382                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               100                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77406482                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369764375                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77447880                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878419434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816119                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128289968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          157622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      131907195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1532                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77406382                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7209                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337774231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.600611                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209484263     62.02%     62.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471708      1.32%     63.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510408      2.52%     65.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218415      1.25%     67.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090449      1.51%     68.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643162      0.78%     69.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231536      1.84%     71.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689477      1.09%     72.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93434813     27.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337774231                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.375619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105263341                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104106579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105577577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22699660                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         127073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461735                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878327040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         127073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112517373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45575758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       371478                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121077997                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58104551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878193415                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25302                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53428913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749234872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228542142                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855101895                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373440247                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           946891                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174921118                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242355974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81140503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31777267                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2403865                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849705607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6875                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849304473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       945160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       763109                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          113                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337774231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.590202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35361700     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63043129     18.66%     29.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77656209     22.99%     52.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70370258     20.83%     72.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50023683     14.81%     87.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30193702      8.94%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9416762      2.79%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1395966      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312822      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337774231                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44386      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1464651     13.65%     14.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       749124      6.98%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4027141     37.53%     58.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4445691     41.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334144     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887634      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957268     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252150      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320096      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147071      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242309259     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096455      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849304473                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.296880                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10730993                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012635                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520445495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588336657                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586989368                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526680207                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262333059                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262223031                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595586977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264448096                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32696126                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       305418                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          717                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93589                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          774                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         127073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13366544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1043624                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878050207                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242355974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81140503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3723                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84308                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10188                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14209                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849261387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242281385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337725                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323373690                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28891997                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092305                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.296764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849234947                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849212399                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723383169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816045947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.296631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886449                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       872315                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337647158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.597655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132365277     39.20%     39.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87671276     25.97%     65.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11700970      3.47%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5934283      1.76%     70.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5695762      1.69%     72.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3772586      1.12%     73.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5795478      1.72%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5896305      1.75%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78815221     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337647158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78815221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136740986                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756053628                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31990144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435654                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435654                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.295401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.295401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949652010                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502207624                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934699                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488644                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485090                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7992.495043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      218909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.443802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5531.892293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.477710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2452.131681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.788189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.205170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.675280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.299332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.975646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       134492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  134567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           330334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                330334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        52414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 52414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        186906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   186981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       186906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  186981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247011                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 492998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                492998                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65656500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15044481750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15110138250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15345060250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15345060250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65656500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30389542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30455198500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65656500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30389542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30455198500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       380529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              381578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       330334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            330334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       298401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            298401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       678930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               679979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       678930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              679979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.647341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.824350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.725019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.725019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67409.137577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61147.232937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61171.924530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62381.590287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62381.590287                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67409.137577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61764.348894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61775.501118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67409.137577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61764.348894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61775.501118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            492998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           492998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54464500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12217496250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12271960750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12520093750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12520093750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24737590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24792054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24737590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24792054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.646566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.647341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.824350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.725019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.724705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.725019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55918.377823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49657.150144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49681.839068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50897.379740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50897.379740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55918.377823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50277.201925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50288.347012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55918.377823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50277.201925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50288.347012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   349735715                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             381578                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            381576                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           330334                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           298401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          298401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1688192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1690290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     64592768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  64659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              64659904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          835490500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1812500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1138246750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77408124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62831.269481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.574974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.248096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77404923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77404923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77404923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77404923                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1459                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93972749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93972749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93972749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93972749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93972749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93972749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77406382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77406382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77406382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64409.012337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64409.012337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64409.012337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64409.012337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64409.012337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64409.012337                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67466500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64315.061964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64315.061964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64315.061964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64315.061964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64315.061964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64315.061964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            678522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           485.824733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288269564                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            679008                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            424.545166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   485.808505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.948845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208271882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208271882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79992469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79992469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288264351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288264351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288264351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288264351                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1304931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1304931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1051318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1051318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2356249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2356249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2356249                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57171813250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57171813250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47117343235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47117343235                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21424750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21424750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104289156485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104289156485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104289156485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104289156485                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209576813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209576813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290620600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290620600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290620600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290620600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012972                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43812.135086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43812.135086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44817.403711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44817.403711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13894.130999                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13894.130999                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44260.668751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44260.668751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44260.668751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44260.668751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               185                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.805405                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       330334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            330334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       924403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       924403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       752917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       752917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1677320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1677320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1677320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1677320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       380528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       380528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       298401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       678929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       678929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       678929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       678929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16774988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16774988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16172855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16172855000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32947843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32947843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32947843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32947843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44083.452466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44083.452466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54198.394107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54198.394107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48529.143695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48529.143695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48529.143695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48529.143695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
