
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.180078                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                180078050500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               180079761500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30871                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30871                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9743920                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750540                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18481.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   570525188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     570525188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4728384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4788288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2137984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2137984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33406                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       332656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26257414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26590070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       332656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             332656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          11872541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               11872541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          11872541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       332656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26257414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38462611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74817                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33406                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108223                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4788288                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2137984                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4788288                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2137984                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4675                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4612                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4428                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4796                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4748                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4701                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4664                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2095                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2088                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2116                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2104                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2069                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2084                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1995                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2055                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2020                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2101                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2122                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    180077759000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74817                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33406                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      563.322967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     226.065650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1124.804334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4062     33.07%     33.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1820     14.82%     47.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1101      8.96%     56.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          813      6.62%     63.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          473      3.85%     67.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          395      3.22%     70.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          325      2.65%     73.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          346      2.82%     76.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          200      1.63%     77.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          156      1.27%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          120      0.98%     79.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          134      1.09%     80.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           91      0.74%     81.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           92      0.75%     82.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          103      0.84%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          143      1.16%     84.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           83      0.68%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           66      0.54%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           75      0.61%     86.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          179      1.46%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           58      0.47%     88.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           49      0.40%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          407      3.31%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          358      2.91%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           35      0.28%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           20      0.16%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           20      0.16%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           11      0.09%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.10%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.10%     95.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           18      0.15%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           13      0.11%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.06%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.04%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.10%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.02%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           10      0.08%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.07%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.03%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.03%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.07%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.04%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.02%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           13      0.11%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            7      0.06%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            6      0.05%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           11      0.09%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.05%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            7      0.06%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            9      0.07%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.03%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.04%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.02%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            9      0.07%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            8      0.07%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.07%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.03%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           10      0.08%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           11      0.09%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.04%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.04%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            7      0.06%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.05%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.04%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          108      0.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      691513500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1984346000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    374030000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   918802500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9244.09                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12282.47                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26526.56                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.59                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          11.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.59                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  11.87                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69812                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1663950.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38462611                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35445                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       183040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        183040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6926272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6926272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6926272                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           187735500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          354814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        57727584                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46664379                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       710894                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37057666                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36872484                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.500287                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2993513                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            187663690                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1104                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        187664794                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78233943                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4721                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78238664                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            265897633                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5825                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        265903458                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66008402                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               185                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66008587                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105679                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                360157665                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66495731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              618774238                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            57727584                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39865997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             103685562                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5803638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      180547188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           95                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4530                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66008402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        256965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    355650846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.739836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.010071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        251965284     70.85%     70.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6421406      1.81%     72.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6733379      1.89%     74.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9687742      2.72%     77.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7416145      2.09%     79.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9286312      2.61%     81.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6780074      1.91%     83.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5837768      1.64%     85.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51522736     14.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    355650846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.160284                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.718065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85485801                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     162059182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87472698                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15725025                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4908139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6321848                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9624                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      615862694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1151                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4908139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95158084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        42193423                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48512308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93022820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71856071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      612388624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18625585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      46438561                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    472736482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     869829016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    864459096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5369920                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442552452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30184030                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1280375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317259                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         145164773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    191126634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80376389                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75146572                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20871400                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          604091894                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       528792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         590221174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       410554                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33625368                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24717302                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          328                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    355650846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.659552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.653811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    107693360     30.28%     30.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     89543060     25.18%     55.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64098576     18.02%     73.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     44898562     12.62%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26242812      7.38%     93.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     12966472      3.65%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5046015      1.42%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3590334      1.01%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1571655      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    355650846                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          829314     17.07%     17.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4277      0.09%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            20      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             1      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3478901     71.62%     88.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        544813     11.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105661      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     315035736     53.38%     53.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6464018      1.10%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       992056      0.17%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       280150      0.05%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234413      0.04%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55312      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59382      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51263      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188528979     31.94%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78414204     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      590221174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.638786                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4857366                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1534839646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    634753013                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    584603021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6521468                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3683494                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3187411                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      591651701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3321178                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     58796644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11074202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        74385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       195752                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3685594                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       228084                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        16893                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4908139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10063567                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2374976                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    609201119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     191126634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80376389                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317253                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1723255                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         27602                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       195752                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549063                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       169054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       718117                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     589228950                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     187664796                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       992224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4580433                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            265903460                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55194155                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78238664                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.636031                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              588225926                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             587790432                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         421370612                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         479337494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.632036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.879069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34584158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       528464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       701296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    350742707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.638829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.589008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    161280597     45.98%     45.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101488760     28.94%     74.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25309615      7.22%     82.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8657470      2.47%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5524035      1.57%     86.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2632868      0.75%     86.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1871007      0.53%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1586394      0.45%     87.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42391961     12.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    350742707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    574807368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      574807368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256743227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180052432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53898796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2948214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         563540101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2852065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42391961                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            917729792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1223701954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  236093                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4506819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             570521797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.631278                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.631278                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.584089                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.584089                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        837707301                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       455861222                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3368096                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1804979                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1272225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         422784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66927                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.783730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9484724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     75033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    126.407367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               28312128500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1630.442797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    71.904591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6458.185736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.197519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.053087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.199029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.788353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5916317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5916320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3603754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3603754                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1449329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1449329                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7365646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7365649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7365646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7365649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38436                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35445                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73881                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64792250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2441115000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2505907250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2582198250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2582198250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64792250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5023313250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5088105500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64792250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5023313250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5088105500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5954753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5955693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3603754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3603754                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1484774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1484774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7439527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7440467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7439527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7440467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.023872                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69148.612593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63511.161411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63645.321667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72850.846382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72850.846382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69148.612593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67991.949892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68006.435617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69148.612593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67991.949892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68006.435617                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33406                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35445                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54041750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1999736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2053777750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2175065750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2175065750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54041750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4174801750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4228843500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54041750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4174801750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4228843500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006611                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57675.293490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52027.682381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52162.084423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61364.529553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61364.529553                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57675.293490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56507.109406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56521.739421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57675.293490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56507.109406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56521.739421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3925131786                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5955693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5955692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3603754                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1484774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1484774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18482808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18484687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    706769984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 706830080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             706830080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9125864500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1635999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11177179500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.420301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66010144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58519.631206                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      180076505250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   456.943448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.476853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.892468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66006929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66006929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66006929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66006929                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100336999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100336999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100336999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100336999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100336999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100336999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66008402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66008402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66008402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66008402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66008402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66008402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68117.446707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68117.446707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68117.446707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68117.446707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68117.446707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68117.446707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65764001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65764001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65764001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65764001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65764001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65764001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69961.703191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69961.703191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69961.703191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69961.703191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69961.703191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69961.703191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7439404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           200.829550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           186773335                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7439605                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.105276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   200.822708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115066125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       115066125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71290250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71290250                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       204927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       204927                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    186356375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        186356375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    186356375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       186356375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13353814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13353814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5189154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5189154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6465                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18542968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18542968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18542968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18542968                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150609419500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150609419500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78437554701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78437554701                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87483250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     87483250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229046974201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 229046974201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229046974201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 229046974201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    128419939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128419939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204899343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204899343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204899343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204899343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067850                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030583                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030583                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11278.382303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11278.382303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15115.672940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15115.672940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.825213                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.825213                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12352.228306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12352.228306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12352.228306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12352.228306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       751438                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11513                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.268653                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3603754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3603754                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7398424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7398424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3705020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3705020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6462                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6462                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11103444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11103444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11103444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11103444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5955390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5955390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1484134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1484134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7439524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7439524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7439524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7439524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69387254500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69387254500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19182050498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19182050498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88569304998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  88569304998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88569304998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  88569304998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019406                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11651.168857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11651.168857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12924.742980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12924.742980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11905.238157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11905.238157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11905.238157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11905.238157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
