
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726747                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726747111500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726748822500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70380                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22363899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749360                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32496.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       742336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               777792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       119360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            119360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          554                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1021450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1070237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            164239                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 164239                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            164239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1021450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1234476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12153                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1865                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14018                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       777792                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    119360                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 777792                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 119360                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   891                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   531                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   742                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   880                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1305                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1124                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  634                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  617                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    58                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    32                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   168                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   331                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   13                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   55                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   41                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   25                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  239                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726746899500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12153                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1865                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1597.706093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     349.949631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2782.401533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            202     36.20%     36.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53      9.50%     45.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           25      4.48%     50.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           31      5.56%     55.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.33%     58.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           16      2.87%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           10      1.79%     62.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            9      1.61%     64.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.61%     65.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.08%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.54%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            5      0.90%     68.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            7      1.25%     69.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.72%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            4      0.72%     71.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            5      0.90%     72.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            4      0.72%     72.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           10      1.79%     74.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            1      0.18%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            1      0.18%     74.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            1      0.18%     75.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            6      1.08%     76.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.54%     76.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.36%     77.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     77.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.36%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            3      0.54%     78.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            3      0.54%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      1.08%     79.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     79.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.36%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.54%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.18%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.36%     81.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     81.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.36%     82.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.36%     82.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.72%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.18%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.72%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.18%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.18%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.18%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.18%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.36%     87.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.18%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.18%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.18%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.54%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.86%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.18%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9857            1      0.18%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            1      0.18%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13249            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       30834250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 262621750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60710000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   171077500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2539.47                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14089.73                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21629.20                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.07                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.07                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.64                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11799                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1648                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     51843836.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1234476                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1865                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26171                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 897152                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14469000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57670750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509954                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499954                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77240704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76960639                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637413                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100797666                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15142                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100812808                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441313342                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1541                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441314883                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542111008                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16683                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542127691                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217672192                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217672319                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453494223                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217976157                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569073474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509954                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77226321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357056240                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33078081                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849563718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3368                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217672192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26303                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453413284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163973                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096357044     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471441      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239423      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20943      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691800      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532415      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499421      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67171819      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208428978     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453413284                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053327                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767515                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340705679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730809190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134524034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218560961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28813419                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4744044                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537328402                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28813419                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352313537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       111984764                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15979153                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341736443                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602585967                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519415395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            88                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          15146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598361431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967059867                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598334075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593236851                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182090539                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054448                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995740881                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149839058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470344906                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641264224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315919894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509064506                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390290896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    221965323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194173158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453413284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295694428     20.34%     20.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    404964648     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425045661     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184679139     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134552280      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8166318      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27303      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275075      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8432      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453413284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14764      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          307      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             2      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         279849      7.06%      7.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3667639     92.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718000040     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118511655      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336788      0.06%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792184      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11622      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262894      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109257652     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441591541     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390290896                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644514                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962561                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6229965012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727093716                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376924444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001487                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006478                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000445                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389728265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000897                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439329101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106545437                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70988                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41155244                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          965                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28813419                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          521644                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         13703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509349686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149839058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470344906                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6319                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2944                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70988                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196491                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381556837                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100812810                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8734059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284954                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542127706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72970075                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441314896                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638505                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380972566                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380924889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812054367                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813042506                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    221976110                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196619                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424599865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588084923     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457031651     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132952732      9.33%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9187989      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30758      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62656659      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59238105      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55301903      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60115145      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424599865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60115145                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3873828165                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047509128                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    1837                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   80939                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635520                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635520                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386607557                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863478357                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708552                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676909                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547426                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4234                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7983.635066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       27032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12219                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.212292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5477.132149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    37.628939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2468.775129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.668595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.301364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   11585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            21308                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 21308                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  5284                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         16869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        16869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16869                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12154                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38950750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    348163750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       387114500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    379693750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     379693750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38950750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    727857500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        766808250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     38950750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    727857500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       766808250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               17787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        21308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             21308                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11236                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                29023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               29023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.348682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.529726                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.529726                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.418771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.418771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70181.531532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61654.639632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62417.687843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63792.632728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63792.632728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70181.531532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62751.745840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63091.019417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70181.531532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62751.745840                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63091.019417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1865                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32587250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283275250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    315862500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311298250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311298250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32587250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594573500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    627160750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32587250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    594573500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    627160750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.348682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.529726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.529726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.418771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.407440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.418771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58715.765766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50163.848061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50929.135763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52301.453293                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52301.453293                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58715.765766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51260.755238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51601.180681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58715.765766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51260.755238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51601.180681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     4432243                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              17787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             17786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            21308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        78244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        79353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3185664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3221120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3221120                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           46473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            965750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          45546500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               243                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.981154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217674584                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          292967.138627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.974723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   124.006431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.650341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.242200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217671369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217671369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217671369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55616750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55616750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55616750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55616750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55616750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55616750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217672192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217672192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217672192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217672192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67578.068044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67578.068044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67578.068044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67578.068044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67578.068044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67578.068044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39507750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39507750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39507750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39507750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39507750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39507750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71185.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71185.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71185.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71185.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71185.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71185.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             28034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.945509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090576469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             28546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          38204.178134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         432355000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.943813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661418313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661418313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429157368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429157368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090575681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090575681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090575681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090575681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        49365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         49365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32217                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        81582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          81582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        81582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         81582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2323299250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2323299250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1738073593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1738073593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       349500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       349500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4061372843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4061372843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4061372843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4061372843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661467678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661467678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090657263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090657263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090657263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090657263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47063.693913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47063.693913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53948.958407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53948.958407                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38833.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49782.707497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49782.707497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49782.707497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49782.707497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7082                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               257                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.556420                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        21308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             21308                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        32078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        32078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        21041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        21041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    482080750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    482080750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    443589498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443589498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       155500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       155500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    925670248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    925670248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    925670248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    925670248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27886.894776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27886.894776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39691.257874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39691.257874                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        31100                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        31100                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32521.879212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32521.879212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32521.879212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32521.879212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
