
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017990                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17989809500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                17991520500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22587                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    22587                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8650696                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2079.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46971991                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46971991                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       772800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               822400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       224896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            224896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        12075                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3514                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3514                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2757116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     42957653                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                45714770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2757116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2757116                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12501300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12501300                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12501300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2757116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     42957653                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               58216069                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12850                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3514                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          16364                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       822400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    224896                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 822400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 224896                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        2                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   746                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   889                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   706                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   514                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1090                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   895                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1025                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1075                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  748                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  619                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  660                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  779                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   192                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   104                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    85                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   224                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   357                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  349                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  148                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   71                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  309                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     17989579500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12850                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3514                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      8311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      390.507664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     155.651469                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1056.607494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1196     44.71%     44.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          448     16.75%     61.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          248      9.27%     70.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          146      5.46%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          114      4.26%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           61      2.28%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           57      2.13%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           35      1.31%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           40      1.50%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           37      1.38%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           26      0.97%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           19      0.71%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           18      0.67%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           14      0.52%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           19      0.71%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           21      0.79%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           16      0.60%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            8      0.30%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            8      0.30%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.11%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            9      0.34%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            8      0.30%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            9      0.34%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.11%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            9      0.34%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            8      0.30%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.04%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            6      0.22%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.19%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.07%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.11%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            3      0.11%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.07%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.11%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.07%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.22%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.04%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.07%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.11%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.04%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.04%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.11%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.07%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.04%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.04%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.07%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.04%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.04%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.04%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.04%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.07%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      104491000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 322373500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     64240000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   153642500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8132.86                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11958.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25091.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          45.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  45.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.50                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.22                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11731                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1938                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  55.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1099338.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     58216069                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3514                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        29214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         29214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1047296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1047296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1047296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            22238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           60972500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1249639                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1185631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        79109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       399624                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          394312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.670751                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           14141                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21416061                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                450                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21416511                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6924082                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2226                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6926308                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             28340143                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2676                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         28342819                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3805011                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3805139                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 35979619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3915037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               52861731                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1249639                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       408453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6887632                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          761465                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       23915581                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3805011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12828                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     35374643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.494340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.091478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         28487011     80.53%     80.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           131064      0.37%     80.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           101340      0.29%     81.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            34070      0.10%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37690      0.11%     81.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            25339      0.07%     81.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13988      0.04%     81.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           288734      0.82%     82.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6255407     17.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     35374643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.469213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6822834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      21060162                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3966541                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2872501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         652604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        47831                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52487261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1082                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         652604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7605396                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         6875671                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1379427                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5956816                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12904728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51976856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         312524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12367653                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     43382720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      75873749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     74836942                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1036807                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      39147968                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4234752                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        56451                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          22238057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22383802                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7290242                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14080274                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3221917                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           51609221                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          49157522                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5526                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4607926                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3962150                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     35374643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.389626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9435857     26.67%     26.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12796778     36.18%     62.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6333354     17.90%     80.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4125957     11.66%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2180021      6.16%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       435218      1.23%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        52963      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13747      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          748      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     35374643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             610      0.20%      0.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            114      0.04%      0.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         290646     96.93%     97.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          8445      2.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22711      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19817222     40.31%     40.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443577      0.90%     41.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       281616      0.57%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        26493      0.05%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        94429      0.19%     42.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20728      0.04%     42.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21656      0.04%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21492634     43.72%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6936456     14.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       49157522                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.366260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              299855                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006100                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    132695750                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55423923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48300925                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1299318                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       824198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       639485                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       48784512                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          650154                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8481351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1963779                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4911                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        30964                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       520012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2601                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         652604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          978978                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         87010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51654406                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22383802                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7290242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          18731                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         25740                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        30964                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        23472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        79953                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      49052695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21416515                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       104827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44937                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28342823                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1088153                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6926308                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.363347                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48995957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48940410                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40553365                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41261363                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.360226                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.982841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4647319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        78782                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     34722039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.353668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.924392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12235274     35.24%     35.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13823994     39.81%     75.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4682705     13.49%     88.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       769783      2.22%     90.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       603425      1.74%     92.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       377030      1.09%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225130      0.65%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       183866      0.53%     94.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1820832      5.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     34722039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     47002101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       47002101                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27190253                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20420023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1036590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             583395                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          46602269                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13867                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1820832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             84545505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103952863                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   40421                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  604976                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46968600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46968600                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46968600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.766036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.766036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.305422                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.305422                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70874255                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        40460838                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            636959                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           505493                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           27098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11512                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      5100                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7207.804885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      138944                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     13096                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.609652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5962.644182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   330.327326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   793.610052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         89.181099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         32.042227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.727862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.096876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.879859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        84843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   84853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            62081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 62081                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 13262                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         98105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    98115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        98105                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   98115                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4807                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        12075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        12075                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12851                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55084750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283459250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       338544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    516978000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     516978000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55084750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    800437250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        855522000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55084750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    800437250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       855522000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        88874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               89660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        62081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             62081                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             21306                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               110966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              110966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.053614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.377546                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.115810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.115810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70985.502577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70319.833788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70427.293530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64268.771755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64268.771755                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70985.502577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66288.799172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66572.406817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70985.502577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66288.799172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66572.406817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3514                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46179250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237169750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    424528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424528000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46179250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    661697750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    707877000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46179250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    661697750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    707877000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.053614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.377546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.115810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.115810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59509.342784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58836.454974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58945.080092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52775.733466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52775.733466                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59509.342784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55083.417633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59509.342784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54798.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55083.417633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   615623195                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              89660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             89659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            62081                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            21306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           21306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       282441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       284012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     11024704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  11074944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              11074944                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          148604500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1367999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         168221000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.975279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3807061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3908.686858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.315546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.659733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3803846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3803846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3803846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3803846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3803846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3803846                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78141749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78141749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78141749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78141749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78141749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78141749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3805011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3805011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3805011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3805011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3805011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3805011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67074.462661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67074.462661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67074.462661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67074.462661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67074.462661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67074.462661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          379                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55973501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55973501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55973501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55973501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55973501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55973501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71213.105598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71213.105598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71213.105598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71213.105598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71213.105598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71213.105598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            110050                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           207.811591                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19468402                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            110258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            176.571333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   207.745231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.066360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.405752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.405882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12775465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12775465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6692145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6692145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19467610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19467610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19467610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19467610                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       158093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        158093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        78006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        78006                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       236099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         236099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       236099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        236099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2530936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2530936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2867214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2867214237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5398150237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5398150237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5398150237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5398150237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12933558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12933558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6770151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6770151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19703709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19703709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19703709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19703709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011522                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16009.159166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16009.159166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36756.329475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36756.329475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22863.926730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22863.926730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22863.926730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22863.926730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       121305                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    68.845062                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        62081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             62081                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        69082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        69082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        56841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        56841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       125923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       125923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       125923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       125923                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        89011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        89011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        21165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       110176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       110176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       110176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       110176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1223763250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1223763250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    669590500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    669590500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1893353750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893353750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1893353750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1893353750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003126                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13748.449630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13748.449630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31636.687928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31636.687928                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17184.811120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17184.811120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17184.811120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17184.811120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
