
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.745739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                745739411000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               745741122000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63967                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63967                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20855636                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35757.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287288185                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287288185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       746112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               782400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       124480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            124480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        48660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1000500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1049160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        48660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            166922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 166922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            166922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        48660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1000500                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1216082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12226                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1945                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14171                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       782400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    124480                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 782400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 124480                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   533                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   711                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   858                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   915                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1319                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1175                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   666                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  618                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  722                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  994                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     7                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    46                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    28                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   197                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   426                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   61                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   43                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   42                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  147                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  256                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    745739214000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12226                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1945                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1643.948998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     359.146150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2860.260153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            198     36.07%     36.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           50      9.11%     45.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           32      5.83%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           23      4.19%     55.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.37%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           11      2.00%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           12      2.19%     61.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      0.91%     62.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.28%     63.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            4      0.73%     64.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.73%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            3      0.55%     65.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           12      2.19%     68.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            7      1.28%     69.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            5      0.91%     70.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            6      1.09%     71.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            4      0.73%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.36%     72.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            3      0.55%     73.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            5      0.91%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            2      0.36%     74.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            9      1.64%     75.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      1.28%     77.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.36%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            3      0.55%     78.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     78.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.36%     78.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     78.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.36%     79.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     79.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.18%     79.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.36%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.36%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.36%     80.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.73%     81.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.36%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.55%     83.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.18%     83.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.36%     83.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.55%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.18%     84.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     85.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.55%     86.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.36%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.18%     86.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.18%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     87.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     87.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9153            1      0.18%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.36%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12865            1      0.18%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13185            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            2      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34263750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 267996250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61115000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   172617500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2803.22                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14122.35                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21925.57                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.65                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11867                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1739                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52624318.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1216082                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6311                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1945                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5915                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       906880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     906880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 906880                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14865500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58013000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77536115                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72522156                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4199959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77259671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76979636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637541                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100809904                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15164                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100825068                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441269687                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441271227                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542079591                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16704                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542096295                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217728132                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217728261                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1491478822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218035897                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569096187                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77536115                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77245750                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357077143                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33112258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      886974711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           87                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3394                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217728132                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27552                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1490933276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.723146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.136112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1133856133     76.05%     76.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473644      0.30%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4242767      0.28%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33622      0.00%     76.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8694368      0.58%     77.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           541976      0.04%     77.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63500200      4.26%     81.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67176937      4.51%     86.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208413629     13.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1490933276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051986                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.722516                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342348346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     766588283                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134530954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218623994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28841698                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4747462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537747774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28841698                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        354868840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       141019766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     17173305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341126245                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     607903421                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519836458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17620                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     603201379                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967459445                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598851957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593757480                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5094477                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785135759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182323686                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053992                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          136                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1001338414                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149912274                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470390732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641326015                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316954692                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509476571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390216445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9114                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222184083                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194840207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1490933276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.603168                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    327831997     21.99%     21.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    414186925     27.78%     49.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    422733227     28.35%     78.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183937681     12.34%     90.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    133105092      8.93%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8793495      0.59%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        60415      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275862      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8582      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1490933276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14768      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         296758      8.11%      8.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3347006     91.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523991      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718100996     30.04%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118513682      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336012      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791729      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262742      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109125019     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441548433     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390216445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.602582                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3658737                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001531                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6267037237                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727729673                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376866881                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7996780                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4004447                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3998137                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389352698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3998493                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439513773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106567178                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4023                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        74023                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41188455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          914                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28841698                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        17160712                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       3179247                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509761781                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6642                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149912274                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470390732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6363                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       2604205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        74023                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4198165                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4200744                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381572696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100825070                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8643749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284984                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542096315                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72984831                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441271245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.596786                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380915111                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380865018                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811758590                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812750454                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.596312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222197673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4199662                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1462091578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.564581                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.298869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    623062784     42.61%     42.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    458779897     31.38%     73.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    134633194      9.21%     83.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8846543      0.61%     83.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31441      0.00%     83.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62745920      4.29%     88.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58296595      3.99%     92.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56221362      3.85%     95.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59473842      4.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1462091578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287561118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287561118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472547373                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043345096                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72687814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3993795                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280951298                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59473842                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3912373342                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048362124                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  445612                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  545546                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287284794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287284794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287284794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.652074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.652074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.533568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.533568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386513356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863451937                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2706984                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2675366                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4344                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8181.702132                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     3380845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    271.488396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5567.850681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    43.063709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2570.691332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.076728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.313805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2084959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2084959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1301715                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1301715                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       139987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                139987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       2224946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2224946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      2224946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2224946                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5915                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11659                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12227                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    355104250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       396691250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    378486750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     378486750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733591000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        775178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733591000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       775178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2090703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2091271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1301715                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1301715                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       145902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            145902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2236605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2237173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2236605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2237173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.040541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.005465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.005465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73216.549296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61821.770543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62847.156210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63987.616230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63987.616230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73216.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62920.576379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63398.871350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73216.549296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62920.576379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63398.871350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1945                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5915                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289118750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324191750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    310510250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310510250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    634702000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    634702000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.005465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.005465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61748.239437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50334.044220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51361.177123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52495.393068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52495.393068                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61748.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51430.568659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51909.871596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61748.239437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51430.568659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51909.871596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   303710251                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2091271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2091269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1301715                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           145902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          145902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5774924                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      5776059                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    226452416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 226488704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             226488704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3071159000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            989000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3357764750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               256                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.969216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217730498                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          288003.304233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   338.954433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   122.014783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.662020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.238310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217727283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217727283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217727283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64659000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64659000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64659000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217728132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217728132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217728132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217728132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76159.010601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76159.010601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76159.010601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76159.010601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76159.010601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76159.010601                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          538                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          281                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42157000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74220.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74220.070423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74220.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74220.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74220.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74220.070423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2236510                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           171.997285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1087868339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2236682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            486.375953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   171.995633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.335929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.335932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    658914556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       658914556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    428952992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      428952992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1087867548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1087867548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1087867548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1087867548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2380749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2380749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       249208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2629957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2629957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2629957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2629957                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31869743500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31869743500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4261710832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4261710832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36131454332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  36131454332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36131454332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  36131454332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661295305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661295305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429202200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429202200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090497505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090497505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090497505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090497505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13386.435739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13386.435739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17101.019357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17101.019357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13738.420184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13738.420184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13738.420184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13738.420184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               255                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.537255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1301715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1301715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       290047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       290047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       103308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       103308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       393355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       393355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       393355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       393355                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2090702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2090702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       145900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       145900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2236602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2236602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2236602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2236602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23460908250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23460908250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1927024499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1927024499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25387932749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25387932749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25387932749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25387932749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000340                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11221.545801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11221.545801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13207.844407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13207.844407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11351.117789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11351.117789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11351.117789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11351.117789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
