
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.182602                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                182602231500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               182603942500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31201                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9773074                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18684.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   582960301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     582960301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4842752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4902784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2206912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2206912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        75668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 76606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           34483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                34483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       328758                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26520771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                26849529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       328758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             328758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12085898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12085898                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12085898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       328758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26520771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               38935428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         76606                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        34483                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         111089                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4902784                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2206912                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4902784                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2206912                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       13                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4755                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4816                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4976                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4690                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4529                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4639                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4778                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4831                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4822                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4793                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2152                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2178                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2111                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2178                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2031                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2055                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2156                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2130                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2179                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    182601940000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   76606                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  34483                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     56936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      556.160050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     223.704194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1135.910998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4202     32.90%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1902     14.89%     47.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1160      9.08%     56.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          891      6.98%     63.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          560      4.38%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          400      3.13%     71.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          357      2.80%     74.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          352      2.76%     76.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          183      1.43%     78.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          150      1.17%     79.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          112      0.88%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          128      1.00%     81.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           92      0.72%     82.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           90      0.70%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           99      0.78%     83.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          130      1.02%     84.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           94      0.74%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           79      0.62%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           71      0.56%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          200      1.57%     88.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           74      0.58%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           53      0.42%     89.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          425      3.33%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          346      2.71%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           38      0.30%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           20      0.16%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.13%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           17      0.13%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            8      0.06%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           11      0.09%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.07%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.05%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           13      0.10%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           13      0.10%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.09%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           12      0.09%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.03%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           12      0.09%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            7      0.05%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            8      0.06%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.04%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.03%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.03%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.06%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.06%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            9      0.07%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.02%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.05%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.03%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.04%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            6      0.05%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.03%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            7      0.05%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.05%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            8      0.06%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.02%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.08%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            4      0.03%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.07%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.02%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            8      0.06%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.04%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.02%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            4      0.03%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            8      0.06%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            4      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          120      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      701836250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2027157500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    382965000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   942356250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9163.19                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12303.43                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26466.62                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          26.85                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  26.85                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.09                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.09                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      71427                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26872                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1643744.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     38935428                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             34483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       187695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        187695                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7109696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7109696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7109696                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           193476500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          363298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        59446188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     48010773                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       721158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     38317821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37914566                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.947605                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3091227                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4085                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            191016076                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1090                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        191017166                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            79910856                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4680                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        79915536                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            270926932                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5770                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        270932702                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            67598682                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               173                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        67598855                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               109120                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                365205967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68085241                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              632418804                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            59446188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     41005793                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             106130457                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5919947                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      181973138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4543                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          67598682                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        272530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    361217401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.750798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.014608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        255086944     70.62%     70.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6589474      1.82%     72.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6946414      1.92%     74.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9966495      2.76%     77.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7611582      2.11%     79.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9532912      2.64%     81.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6969463      1.93%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          6003585      1.66%     85.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         52510532     14.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    361217401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.162774                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.731677                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         87378406                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     163200886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          89620805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      16003524                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        5013779                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6526807                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         10169                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      629440831                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1191                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        5013779                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         97213089                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        40927601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49895697                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          95258848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      72908386                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      625896241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           229                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18866588                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      47040989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    482747601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     888827173                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    883351965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5475208                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     451791427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30956174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1321859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       327457                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         147660567                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    194544586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     82105980                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     76164186                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21274526                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          617310792                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       545745                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         603073833                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       421551                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34460706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25395635                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           76                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    361217401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.669559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.657536                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    108477552     30.03%     30.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     90916788     25.17%     55.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     65270318     18.07%     73.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45856325     12.69%     85.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26910011      7.45%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13254615      3.67%     97.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5210337      1.44%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3699347      1.02%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1622108      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    361217401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          855563     17.20%     17.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4293      0.09%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             4      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     17.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3547609     71.31%     88.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        567285     11.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       109102      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     322671863     53.50%     53.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6598859      1.09%     54.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1002798      0.17%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       284069      0.05%     54.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       237681      0.04%     54.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55797      0.01%     54.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        59783      0.01%     54.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51749      0.01%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    191904702     31.82%     86.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     80097430     13.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      603073833                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.651325                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4974794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008249                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1566115599                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    648759042                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    597326815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6645813                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3748123                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3246168                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      604553762                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3385763                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59634866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11310254                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        80641                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       195316                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3767736                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       235507                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17411                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        5013779                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         8903727                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2358429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    622577578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     194544586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     82105980                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       327449                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1749313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         26794                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       195316                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       553135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       174242                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       727377                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     602054650                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     191017168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1019183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4721041                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            270932704                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         56841447                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           79915536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.648535                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              601021826                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             600572983                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         429785765                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         489582154                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.644477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.877862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     35400582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       545669                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       711012                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    356203622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.648980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.595325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    162987836     45.76%     45.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    103232750     28.98%     74.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25956766      7.29%     82.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8713882      2.45%     84.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5713657      1.60%     86.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2699520      0.76%     86.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1913705      0.54%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1633738      0.46%     87.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     43351768     12.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    356203622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    587372696                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      587372696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              261572576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             183234332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              218273                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           55531035                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3005676                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         575773333                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2942497                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      43351768                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            935612652                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1250571078                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  157792                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3988566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           582956910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             582956910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     582956910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.626472                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.626472                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.596241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.596241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        855803959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       465403077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3425144                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1827112                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1313517                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         436548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     68690                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8153.868143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9515429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     76753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    123.974685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1614.535912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    71.013565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6468.069105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.195993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.053568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.197087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5944559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5944562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3606940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3606940                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1426763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1426763                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7371322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7371325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7371322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7371325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               36184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        75668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  76607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        75668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 76607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64714250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2512640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2577354250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2627761750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2627761750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64714250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5140401750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5205116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64714250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5140401750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5205116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5984043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5984985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3606940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3606940                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1462947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1462947                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7446990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7447932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7446990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7447932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024734                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68918.264111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63636.916219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63759.598496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72622.201802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72622.201802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68918.264111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67933.627822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67945.696868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68918.264111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67933.627822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67945.696868                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                34483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     34483                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             76607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            76607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53939750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2059227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2113166750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2212141250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2212141250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53939750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4271368250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325308000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53939750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4271368250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4325308000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57443.823216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52153.454564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52276.346387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61135.895700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61135.895700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57443.823216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56448.805968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56461.002258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57443.823216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56448.805968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56461.002258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3874606231                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5984985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5984984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3606940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1462947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1462947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18500920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18502803                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    707451520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 707511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             707511744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9134376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1639999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11188820500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.564800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            67600415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          59823.376106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      182600400750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.571395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    43.993405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.895647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.085925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67597200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        67597200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67597200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         67597200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     67597200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        67597200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99594749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99594749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99594749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99594749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99594749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99594749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67598682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     67598682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67598682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     67598682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     67598682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     67598682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67202.934548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67202.934548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67202.934548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67202.934548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67202.934548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67202.934548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65689501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65689501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65689501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65689501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65689501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65689501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69734.077495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69734.077495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69734.077495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69734.077495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69734.077495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69734.077495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7446741                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           325.745627                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           190938491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7447068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.639418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   325.738879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.636209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.636222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    117469503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       117469503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     73038651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73038651                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211422                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       211422                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       218273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       218273                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    190508154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        190508154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    190508154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       190508154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13450045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13450045                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5081320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5081320                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6852                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6852                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18531365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18531365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18531365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18531365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151701999500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151701999500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78135910005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78135910005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92707750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     92707750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229837909505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 229837909505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 229837909505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 229837909505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    130919548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130919548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     78119971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     78119971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       218274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       218274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       218273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       218273                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209039519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    209039519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209039519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    209039519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031392                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031392                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11278.921334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11278.921334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15377.089025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15377.089025                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13530.027729                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13530.027729                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12402.643276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12402.643276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12402.643276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12402.643276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       757130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11799                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    64.168997                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3606940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3606940                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7465768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7465768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3618610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3618610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6849                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6849                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11084378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11084378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11084378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11084378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5984277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5984277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1462710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1462710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7446987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7446987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7446987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7446987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69819525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69819525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19003414498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19003414498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88822939498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  88822939498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88822939498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  88822939498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11667.161296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11667.161296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12991.922184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12991.922184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11927.365994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.365994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11927.365994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11927.365994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
