
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.335273                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                335272876000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               335274587000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35286                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35286                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11130729                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30121.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1062864636                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1062864636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5088640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5149184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2356416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2356416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        79510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 80456                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36819                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       180581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15177607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15358188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       180581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             180581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7028353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7028353                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7028353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       180581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15177607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22386541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         80456                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36819                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         117275                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5149184                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2356416                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5149184                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2356416                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       29                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4955                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4845                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4842                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  5016                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5207                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4943                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5092                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  5037                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5185                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 5009                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5076                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5072                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 5012                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2219                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2206                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2292                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2296                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2221                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2318                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2277                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2374                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2352                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    335272584500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   80456                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36819                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1601                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      603.213004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     253.485010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1164.805233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3504     28.20%     28.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1700     13.68%     41.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1145      9.21%     51.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          922      7.42%     58.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          688      5.54%     64.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          515      4.14%     68.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          464      3.73%     71.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          288      2.32%     74.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          194      1.56%     75.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          146      1.17%     76.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          124      1.00%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          144      1.16%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           97      0.78%     79.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           95      0.76%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          130      1.05%     81.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          168      1.35%     83.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          115      0.93%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           95      0.76%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           79      0.64%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          199      1.60%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           79      0.64%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           69      0.56%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          444      3.57%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          363      2.92%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           43      0.35%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           18      0.14%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      0.17%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.09%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           14      0.11%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.09%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           13      0.10%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.06%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.04%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.10%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           13      0.10%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.07%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.07%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           12      0.10%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.07%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            9      0.07%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            7      0.06%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.03%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.03%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           12      0.10%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.05%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.06%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            3      0.02%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.06%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.06%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            8      0.06%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.05%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            8      0.06%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            9      0.07%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.03%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.03%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            4      0.03%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.03%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.06%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            6      0.05%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.04%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            5      0.04%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            4      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.04%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            4      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            5      0.04%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          114      0.92%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            2      0.02%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            2      0.02%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8705            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9281            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9665            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9921            2      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10433            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      688153250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2092374500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    402135000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1002086250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8556.25                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12459.58                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26015.82                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.36                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.36                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.03                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.18                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74938                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2858858.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22386541                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36819                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             38028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            38028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       197731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        197731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7505600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7505600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7505600                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           205913500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          381541500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       132508206                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    105936229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1552136                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     85142679                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        82474059                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.865708                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7157366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         6932                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            314116212                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1247                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        314117459                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           143179997                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4708                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       143184705                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            457296209                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5955                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        457302164                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           132957406                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               231                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       132957637                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               256128                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                670548517                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    133917963                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1163615586                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           132508206                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     89631425                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             204244290                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        11921993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      318627001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         5365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         132957406                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        560051                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    666889537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.744840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.957451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        462645247     69.37%     69.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         14179142      2.13%     71.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15976096      2.40%     73.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21442723      3.22%     77.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         16039318      2.41%     79.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         20130879      3.02%     82.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14906353      2.24%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13651934      2.05%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         87917845     13.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    666889537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.735319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        164330565                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     289254373                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         178331861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24897213                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10075524                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     15166810                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19305                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1157767283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1208                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10075524                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        181760623                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        61516408                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    117271305                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         184910106                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     111355570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1150385058                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27207909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      70288897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    866965482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1622282201                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1611627359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10654842                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     805527822                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         61437660                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3110256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       768515                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         235572005                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    320528479                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    147460462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102663054                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35603257                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1131650129                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1280844                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1103994266                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       933950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     69216880                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     49877424                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    666889537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.655438                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.720900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216327558     32.44%     32.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    159658767     23.94%     56.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    114736143     17.20%     73.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     78978147     11.84%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46580831      6.98%     92.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27562142      4.13%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11242033      1.69%     98.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8088788      1.21%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3715128      0.56%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    666889537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1953245     23.25%     23.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6776      0.08%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            32      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5116378     60.89%     84.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1325712     15.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       256110      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     629714808     57.04%     57.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11713067      1.06%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1636905      0.15%     58.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       464125      0.04%     58.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       390437      0.04%     58.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83445      0.01%     58.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       102398      0.01%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79219      0.01%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    315949667     28.62%     86.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143604085     13.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1103994266                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.646405                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8402183                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007611                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2871728061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1195270296                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1092723591                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12486141                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7178992                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6046243                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1105741338                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6399001                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84895058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     21749068                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       149380                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       311444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      7726133                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       563291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        26645                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10075524                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15278435                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       5078262                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1143689803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     320528479                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    147460462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       768505                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3941636                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4250                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       311444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1195691                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       372643                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1568334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1101884303                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     314117461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2109963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10758830                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            457302166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        126780092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          143184705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.643258                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1099664836                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1098769834                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         750524828                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         887224597                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638613                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.845924                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     71400476                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1280709                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1532855                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    656814013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.633463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.669437                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    331996774     50.55%     50.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    164141011     24.99%     75.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40051019      6.10%     81.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13468604      2.05%     83.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10292534      1.57%     85.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5515217      0.84%     86.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      4010510      0.61%     86.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3283753      0.50%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     84054591     12.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    656814013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1072881141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1072881141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              438513740                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             298779411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              512289                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          123886020                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5491350                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1047086566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6819643                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      84054591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1717028559                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2298659291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  122583                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3658980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1062861245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1062861245                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1062861245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.630890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.630890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.585062                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.585062                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1557409947                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       833636295                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6325482                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2993842                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3077613                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1024580                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     72479                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.390990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21680765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     80434                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    269.547269                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1309.054742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    94.969891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6756.230031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.107115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.159797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.824735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13446343                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13446346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8272357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8272357                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3299710                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3299710                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16746053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16746056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16746053                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16746056                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41482                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               38028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        79510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  80457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        79510                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 80457                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64299750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2620191500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2684491250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2745349250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2745349250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64299750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5365540750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5429840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64299750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5365540750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5429840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13487825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13488775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8272357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8272357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3337738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3337738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16825563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16826513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16825563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16826513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011393                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67898.363252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63164.541247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63270.198449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72192.838172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72192.838172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67898.363252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67482.590240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67487.483998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67898.363252                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67482.590240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67487.483998                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36819                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          38028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             80457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          947                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        79510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            80457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53431250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2143840500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2197271750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2308573750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2308573750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53431250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4452414250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4505845500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53431250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4452414250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4505845500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56421.594509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51681.223181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51787.026562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60707.209162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60707.209162                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56421.594509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55998.166897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56003.150751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56421.594509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55998.166897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56003.150751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4791105189                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13488775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13488774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8272357                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3337738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3337738                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41923483                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41925382                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1606266880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1606327616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1606327616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20821792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1654999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       25257596000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               626                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.090597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           132959134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          116835.794376                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      335271312250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   467.908680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.181917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.913884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132955919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       132955919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132955919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        132955919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132955919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       132955919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97546999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97546999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97546999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97546999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97546999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97546999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132957406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    132957406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132957406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    132957406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    132957406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    132957406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65599.864829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65599.864829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65599.864829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65599.864829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65599.864829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65599.864829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65282501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65282501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65282501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65282501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65282501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65282501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68718.422105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68718.422105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68718.422105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68718.422105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68718.422105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68718.422105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16825131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           507.838598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           326446175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16825641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.401708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   507.834923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.991865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    197829172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       197829172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    127600695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      127600695                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       503377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       503377                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       512289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       512289                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    325429867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        325429867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    325429867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       325429867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     30302641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      30302641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11621345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11621345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8913                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8913                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     41923986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       41923986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     41923986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      41923986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 336172541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 336172541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166033816970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 166033816970                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120607500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    120607500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 502206357970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 502206357970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 502206357970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 502206357970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    228131813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    228131813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139222040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139222040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       512290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       512290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       512289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       512289                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367353853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    367353853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    367353853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    367353853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083473                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017398                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017398                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.114124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.114124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.114124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11093.836376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11093.836376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14286.970826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14286.970826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.639179                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.639179                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11978.974470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11978.974470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11978.974470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11978.974470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       823118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             16556                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.717202                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8272357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8272357                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16814528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16814528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8283898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8283898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8910                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8910                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25098426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     25098426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     25098426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     25098426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13488113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13488113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3337447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3337447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16825560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16825560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16825560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16825560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 154938340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 154938340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40563923248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40563923248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195502263248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 195502263248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195502263248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 195502263248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023972                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11487.028615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.028615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12154.177504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12154.177504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11619.361451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11619.361451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11619.361451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11619.361451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
