
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.176892                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                176891508000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               176893219000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  30514                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    30514                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9451713                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18715.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   571073938                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     571073938                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4730944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4790848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2140736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2140736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       338648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26744890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                27083539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       338648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             338648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12101972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12101972                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12101972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       338648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26744890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39185510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74857                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33449                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         108306                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4790848                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2140736                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4790848                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2140736                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4675                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4674                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4883                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4726                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4439                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4624                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4803                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4752                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4669                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2097                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2087                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2123                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2106                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2073                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2086                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2192                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1994                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2007                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2064                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2024                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2100                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2126                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2109                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2127                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    176891216500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74857                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33449                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      558.138815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     223.872464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1127.278960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4111     33.14%     33.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1857     14.97%     48.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1133      9.13%     57.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          814      6.56%     63.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          514      4.14%     67.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          371      2.99%     70.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          341      2.75%     73.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          323      2.60%     76.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          249      2.01%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          124      1.00%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          132      1.06%     80.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          123      0.99%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           86      0.69%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           82      0.66%     82.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          102      0.82%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          139      1.12%     84.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           87      0.70%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           68      0.55%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           69      0.56%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          177      1.43%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           62      0.50%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           40      0.32%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          407      3.28%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          357      2.88%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           31      0.25%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      0.24%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           22      0.18%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           15      0.12%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.16%     95.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           11      0.09%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.06%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.07%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           14      0.11%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.05%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            3      0.02%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            8      0.06%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           12      0.10%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           10      0.08%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           13      0.10%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.02%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.06%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.06%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            6      0.05%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            7      0.06%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.08%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            5      0.04%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.05%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            8      0.06%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            5      0.04%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            8      0.06%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            3      0.02%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           11      0.09%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            8      0.06%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            7      0.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.06%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.03%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.04%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.02%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.07%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.02%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.04%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.02%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.03%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            6      0.05%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.02%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.04%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          112      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      694679000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1987460250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    374185000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   918596250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9282.56                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12274.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26557.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          27.08                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  27.08                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.18                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     26070                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1633254.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39185510                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       183163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        183163                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6931584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6931584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6931584                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           187949000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          354984750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        57796271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     46717298                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       713061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37138911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36914331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.395297                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2998474                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3987                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            187713886                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1085                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        187714971                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78273240                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4675                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78277915                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            265987126                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5760                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        265992886                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66049158                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               172                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66049330                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105810                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                353784520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     66528845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              618981057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            57796271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39912805                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             103739353                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5747215                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      175150170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           93                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4449                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66049158                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        261805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    350288938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.025370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        246549585     70.38%     70.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6427507      1.83%     72.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6743141      1.93%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9699442      2.77%     76.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7417100      2.12%     79.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9298316      2.65%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6788222      1.94%     83.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5845370      1.67%     85.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51520255     14.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    350288938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.163366                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.749599                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         85408832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     156770281                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          87514925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15738503                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4856396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6329562                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9651                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      616095648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1167                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4856396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         95046875                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        37658809                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48572066                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93118319                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      71036472                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      612643766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18258929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      45894510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    472915093                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     870167787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    864798591                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5369196                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442967203                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         29947890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1281907                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317746                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         144597079                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    191127602                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     80384160                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75409589                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     20838334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          604295977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       529631                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         590533520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       411335                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     33345723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24548595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          512                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    350288938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.685847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.658138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    103624555     29.58%     29.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     87689511     25.03%     54.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     63987490     18.27%     72.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45202070     12.90%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26605080      7.60%     93.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     12986228      3.71%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5019692      1.43%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3601289      1.03%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1573023      0.45%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    350288938                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          829955     16.52%     16.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4262      0.08%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            16      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     16.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3640181     72.44%     89.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        550853     10.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105792      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     315252206     53.38%     53.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6462425      1.09%     54.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       991614      0.17%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       279889      0.05%     54.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234777      0.04%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55330      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        58952      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51300      0.01%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    188588742     31.94%     86.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78452493     13.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      590533520                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.669190                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5025308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008510                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1530273969                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    634674329                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    584909514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6518652                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3680164                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3186081                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      592133216                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3319820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     58983692                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     10925470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        77761                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       188363                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3623420                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       228342                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        16744                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4856396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         7305336                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2176199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    609411473                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52511                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     191127602                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     80384160                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317737                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1663144                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3554                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       188363                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       549297                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       169486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       718783                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     589533674                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     187714973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       999846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4585865                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            265992888                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55243849                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78277915                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.666364                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              588533996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             588095595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         421732181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         479759080                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.662299                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.879050                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34235701                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       529119                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       703432                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    345432542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.665625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.602167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    156041679     45.17%     45.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    101189204     29.29%     74.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25409683      7.36%     81.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8710346      2.52%     84.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5591164      1.62%     85.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2588764      0.75%     86.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1876831      0.54%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1546863      0.45%     87.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42478008     12.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    345432542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    575361175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      575361175                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256962872                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180202132                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211653                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53966064                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2951258                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         564080582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2855541                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42478008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            912538930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1224060659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   93543                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3495582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           571070547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             571070547                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     571070547                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.619511                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.619511                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.614176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.614176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        838154205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       456084882                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3366130                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1803501                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1273797                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         423308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66890                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8151.041985                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9063103                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     74835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    121.107811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               27266357000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1610.252396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    74.240867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6466.290092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.203280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.055350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.196564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5623699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5623702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3474792                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3474792                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1382287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1382287                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7005986                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7005989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7005986                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7005989                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35492                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35492                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74858                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63463250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2444812500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2508275750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2584473000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2584473000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63463250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5029285500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5092748750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     63463250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5029285500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5092748750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5662128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5663068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3474792                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3474792                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1417779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1417779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7079907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7080847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7079907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7080847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.025034                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67730.256137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63618.946629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63716.805111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72818.466133                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72818.466133                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67730.256137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68035.950542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68032.124155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67730.256137                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68035.950542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68032.124155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33449                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35492                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52712750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2003537500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2056250250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2176815000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2176815000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52712750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4180352500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233065250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52712750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4180352500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4233065250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56256.937033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52136.082125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52234.167810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61332.553815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61332.553815                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56256.937033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56551.622678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56547.934089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56256.937033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56551.622678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56547.934089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3819068759                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5663068                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5663067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3474792                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1417779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1417779                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1879                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     17634606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     17636485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    675500736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 675560832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             675560832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         8752611500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1635999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       10637757750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               616                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.594853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66050894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          58555.757092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      176889994250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.542177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.052677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.087994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66047679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66047679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66047679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66047679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66047679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66047679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97989999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97989999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97989999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97989999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97989999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97989999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66049158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66049158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66049158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66049158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66049158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66049158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66254.225152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66254.225152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66254.225152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66254.225152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66254.225152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66254.225152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          539                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64435501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64435501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64435501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64435501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64435501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64435501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68548.405319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68548.405319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68548.405319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68548.405319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68548.405319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68548.405319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7079474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           506.556528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           187621850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7079985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             26.500317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.549562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    115587972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       115587972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     71616434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       71616434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       205149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       205149                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    187204406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        187204406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    187204406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       187204406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12694716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12694716                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4932653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4932653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     17627369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       17627369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     17627369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      17627369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 143664142250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143664142250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76109976978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  76109976978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88023250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     88023250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219774119228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 219774119228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219774119228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 219774119228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    128282688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    128282688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76549087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76549087                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204831775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    204831775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204831775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    204831775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.098959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.098959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.064438                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.030734                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11316.845706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11316.845706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15429.825892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15429.825892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13531.629516                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13531.629516                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12467.777762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12467.777762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12467.777762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12467.777762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       750126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             11410                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.742857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3474792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3474792                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7032346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7032346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3515119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3515119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10547465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10547465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10547465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10547465                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5662370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5662370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1417534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1417534                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7079904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7079904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7079904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7079904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  66164423750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66164423750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18450629998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18450629998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84615053748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84615053748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84615053748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84615053748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018518                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11684.934709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11684.934709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13016.005258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13016.005258                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11951.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11951.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11951.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11951.440831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
