
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055939                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55938712000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                55940423000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31512                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31512                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12090888                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4626.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145791498                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145791498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3334272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3383680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1599488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1599488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        52098                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       883252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     59605806                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                60489058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       883252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             883252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          28593579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               28593579                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          28593579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       883252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     59605806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               89082637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52870                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24992                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77862                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3383680                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1599488                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3383680                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1599488                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3398                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3451                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3403                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3472                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3205                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3225                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3169                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3326                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3206                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3194                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3141                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3211                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3298                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1627                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1670                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1687                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1574                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1576                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1597                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1492                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1472                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1485                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1580                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     55938425500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52870                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24992                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        18108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      274.721449                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     125.019733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     728.987676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          10117     55.87%     55.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2866     15.83%     71.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1132      6.25%     77.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          711      3.93%     81.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          663      3.66%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          580      3.20%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          297      1.64%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          187      1.03%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          100      0.55%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           55      0.30%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           56      0.31%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           74      0.41%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           40      0.22%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           31      0.17%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           38      0.21%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           50      0.28%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           29      0.16%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           28      0.15%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           25      0.14%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          124      0.68%     95.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           25      0.14%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           42      0.23%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          288      1.59%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          238      1.31%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           21      0.12%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           16      0.09%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.08%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.07%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.05%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.04%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.04%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.04%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            6      0.03%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            4      0.02%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.02%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           60      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          18108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      764873250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1748355750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    264275000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   719207500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14471.16                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13607.18                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33078.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          60.49                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          28.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  60.49                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  28.59                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45857                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13868                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  55.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       718430.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     89082637                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25635                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24992                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       130732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        130732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4983168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4983168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4983168                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138899000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          250768250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3521094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3339905                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       223360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1335715                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1303951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.621948                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36734                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66388404                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1152                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66389556                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21703086                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4329                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21707415                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             88091490                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5481                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         88096971                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11771201                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11771332                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111877424                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12056365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              162651681                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3521094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1340685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21223318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2174734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       73655370                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11771201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         36114                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    108800721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.494950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.090977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         87577403     80.49%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           431666      0.40%     80.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           314341      0.29%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           101041      0.09%     81.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           106761      0.10%     81.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            75324      0.07%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34990      0.03%     81.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           998954      0.92%     82.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19160241     17.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    108800721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031473                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.453838                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         21056803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      64808361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          12141049                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8932654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1861853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       139585                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           324                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      161505451                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1861853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23438895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        21080447                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4527932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18400815                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      39490778                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      160036624                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         917924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37766529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    133617537                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     233969473                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    230831241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3138232                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121552945                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12064592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       168564                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          68460545                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     69070288                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22738396                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43944602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     10042653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158961411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          288                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         152136357                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     13065732                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11098517                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           98                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    108800721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.398303                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.255218                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     29209105     26.85%     26.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     38544792     35.43%     62.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19572076     17.99%     80.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13150763     12.09%     92.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6828652      6.28%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1331936      1.22%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       123459      0.11%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39422      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          516      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    108800721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             411      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            581      0.06%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         879360     97.16%     97.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         24667      2.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67743      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      61044088     40.12%     40.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1327437      0.87%     41.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       857415      0.56%     41.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80756      0.05%     41.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       284491      0.19%     41.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57528      0.04%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65830      0.04%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66614761     43.79%     85.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21736308     14.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      152136357                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.359849                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              905058                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005949                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    410085806                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169610102                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149585934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3909938                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2508411                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1921225                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      151017023                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1956649                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27140578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5533982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        13624                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        91898                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1494553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11377                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1861853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         3433127                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        306188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159086710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        10675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      69070288                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22738396                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          61231                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         92901                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        91898                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        72275                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       153235                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       225510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151827854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66389558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       308503                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                125011                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             88096973                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3095176                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21707415                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.357091                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              151665590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             151507159                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125557331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127634500                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.354225                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983726                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13192764                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       223048                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106938868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.364129                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.956692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     38168683     35.69%     35.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     42118022     39.39%     75.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14197370     13.28%     88.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2301901      2.15%     90.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1856701      1.74%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1144265      1.07%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       659692      0.62%     93.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       584156      0.55%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5908078      5.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106938868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145878462                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145878462                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84780149                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63536306                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2943553                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1747065                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144684480                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36390                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5908078                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            260087261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           320008669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  142091                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3076703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145788107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145788107                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145788107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.767397                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.767397                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.303106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.303106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        219766273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       125287529                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1916217                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1524686                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72111                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          34028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44994                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8153.045574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      375282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     53103                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      7.067058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               54570184500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6078.086036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    79.030399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1995.149506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.620275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.159358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.741954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.243549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       272962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  272962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           129472                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                129472                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        59110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 59110                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        332072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   332072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       332072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  332072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        52098                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        52098                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52298750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1822525250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1874824000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2066816750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2066816750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52298750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3889342000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3941640750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52298750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3889342000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3941640750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       297825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              298598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       129472                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            129472                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        86345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             86345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       384170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               384943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       384170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              384943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083482                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.085855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.315421                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.137348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.137348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67656.856404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73302.708844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73132.469964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75888.259592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75888.259592                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67656.856404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74654.343737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74552.037034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67656.856404                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74654.343737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74552.037034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24992                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43427250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1536977750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1580405000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1753959250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753959250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43427250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3290937000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3334364250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43427250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3290937000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3334364250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083482                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.085855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.137348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.135612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56180.142303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61817.871938                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61647.877984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64400.927116                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64400.927116                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56180.142303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63168.202234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63066.033364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56180.142303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63168.202234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63066.033364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   588545836                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             298598                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            298597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           129472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            86345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           86345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       897812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       899357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     32873088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  32922496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              32922496                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          386679500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1347750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         588907250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.374024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11773258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12251.048907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.981040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.392984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11770043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11770043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11770043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11770043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11770043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11770043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75773750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75773750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75773750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75773750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75773750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75773750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11771201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11771201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11771201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11771201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11771201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11771201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65435.017271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65435.017271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65435.017271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65435.017271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65435.017271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65435.017271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53075250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53075250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53075250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53075250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53075250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53075250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68661.384217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68661.384217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68661.384217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68661.384217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68661.384217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68661.384217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            384084                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           163.969941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59621769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            384248                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            155.164813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   163.947913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.022028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.320254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38682661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38682661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20938315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20938315                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59620976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59620976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59620976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59620976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       558506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        558506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       305449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       305449                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       863955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         863955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       863955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        863955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10731696750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10731696750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11389087578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11389087578                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22120784328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22120784328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22120784328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22120784328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     39241167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     39241167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21243764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21243764                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60484931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60484931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60484931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60484931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014378                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19215.007090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19215.007090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37286.380306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37286.380306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25604.093185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25604.093185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25604.093185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25604.093185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       568998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.596105                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       129472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            129472                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       259680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       259680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       220108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       220108                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       479788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       479788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       479788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       479788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       298826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        85341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       384167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       384167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       384167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       384167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4864178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4864178500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2734565990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2734565990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7598744490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7598744490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7598744490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7598744490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16277.628118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16277.628118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32042.816349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32042.816349                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19779.794959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19779.794959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19779.794959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19779.794959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
