
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052166                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52166111000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52167822000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39276                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    39276                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14107501                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3697.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3305728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3355328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1591232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1591232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52427                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24863                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       950809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63369263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64320072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       950809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             950809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30503175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30503175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30503175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       950809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63369263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               94823246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52427                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24863                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77290                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3355328                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1591232                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3355328                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1591232                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        4                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3318                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3421                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3375                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3395                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3201                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3218                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3305                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3176                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3191                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3136                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3167                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1554                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1658                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1566                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1579                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1705                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1475                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1498                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1510                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1505                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1547                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     52165830500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52427                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24863                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        18138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      272.333444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     123.924561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     737.048563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          10200     56.24%     56.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2821     15.55%     71.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1194      6.58%     78.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          723      3.99%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          605      3.34%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          551      3.04%     88.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          334      1.84%     90.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          196      1.08%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          102      0.56%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           79      0.44%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           53      0.29%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           67      0.37%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           52      0.29%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           33      0.18%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           28      0.15%     93.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           59      0.33%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           34      0.19%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           27      0.15%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           25      0.14%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          108      0.60%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           31      0.17%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           34      0.19%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          240      1.32%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          223      1.23%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           19      0.10%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           13      0.07%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.10%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.05%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           14      0.08%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            6      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.04%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.04%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            6      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.03%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            1      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            2      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.03%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.03%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            5      0.03%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           62      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          18138                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      772236500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1744167750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    262115000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   709816250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14730.87                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13540.17                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33271.04                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          64.32                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  64.32                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.50                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.94                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13562                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       674936.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     94823246                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24863                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       129717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        129717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4946560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4946560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4946560                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          248649750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3493797                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3313597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       220710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1334285                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1298225                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.297429                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36633                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66059897                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1130                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66061027                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21609872                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4301                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21614173                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87669769                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5431                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87675200                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11683631                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11683761                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                104332222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11958564                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161546244                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3493797                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1334858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21075836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2094084                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       66896587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11683631                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101727931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.588023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.162574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         80652095     79.28%     79.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           428580      0.42%     79.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           311474      0.31%     80.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            97903      0.10%     80.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           104346      0.10%     80.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            73304      0.07%     80.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            33814      0.03%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           997101      0.98%     81.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19029314     18.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101727931                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.548383                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20820029                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      58185726                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          11898925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9030117                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1793133                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       138754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160422668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1021                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1793133                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23066264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16240317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4411661                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18405726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      37810829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      158997893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         802656                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36279593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    132748654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     232452683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229324473                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3128210                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11662594                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       167830                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          66352561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68636946                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22598410                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43571413                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9372401                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          157936497                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          252                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151383173                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16565                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12608324                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10662608                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           62                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101727931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.488118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.264856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     24053842     23.65%     23.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36260618     35.64%     59.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19453853     19.12%     78.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13359440     13.13%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7068588      6.95%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1367834      1.34%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       123795      0.12%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        39451      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          510      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101727931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             405      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             18      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         901429     98.11%     98.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16911      1.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60732684     40.12%     40.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1315374      0.87%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       856544      0.57%     41.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80444      0.05%     41.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       284742      0.19%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57174      0.04%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65575      0.04%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66282344     43.78%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21640639     14.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151383173                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.450972                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              918803                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006069                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    401526808                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168127808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148851775                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3902837                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2498286                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1918771                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150281317                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1953006                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27202888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5333456                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12859                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        81658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1428570                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11354                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1793133                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          580886                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         34789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158061185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7905                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68636946                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22598410                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           4992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          5154                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        81658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        71197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       151800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       222997                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151081612                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66061029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       301561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124436                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87675202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3074175                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21614173                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.448082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              150931739                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150770546                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125006040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127068476                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.445100                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12723321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       220396                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     99934798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.454155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.008531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32293625     32.31%     32.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41065447     41.09%     73.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14108074     14.12%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2202725      2.20%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1882128      1.88%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1107451      1.11%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       647589      0.65%     93.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       542449      0.54%     93.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6085310      6.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     99934798                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6085310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            251878735                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           317885265                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28934                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2604291                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.718391                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.718391                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.391999                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.391999                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218698246                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124669152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1913073                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1522933                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44502                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8121.378276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.346388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               49612719250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6103.709427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    78.884444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1937.922297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.684429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.177679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.745082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.236563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        13349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   13349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            31830                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 31830                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4264                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4264                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         17613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17613                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        17613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17613                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51652                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1818938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1871778000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2047617750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2047617750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3866555750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3919395750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3866555750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3919395750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               38649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        31830                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             31830                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             31392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        69265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                70041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        69265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               70041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.654609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.864169                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.748533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.748533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68092.783505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74169.711303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73983.320158                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75479.863978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75479.863978                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68092.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74857.812863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74757.681964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68092.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74857.812863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74757.681964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24863                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24863                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43939000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1537296000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1736007250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1736007250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3273303250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3317242250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3273303250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3317242250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.647533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.654609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.748533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.748533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56622.422680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62685.369434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62499.407115                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63993.189693                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63993.189693                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56622.422680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63372.245992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63272.340162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56622.422680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63372.245992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63272.340162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   124979223                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              38649                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             38648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            31830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            31392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           31392                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       170360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       171911                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6470080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6519680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6519680                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           82765500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1350500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         116431500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               453                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.375468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11685685                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12122.079876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.996998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.378470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11682470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11682470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11682470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11682470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1161                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76966250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76966250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76966250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76966250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76966250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76966250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11683631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11683631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11683631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11683631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66293.066322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66293.066322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66293.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66293.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66293.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66293.066322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          385                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53619500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53619500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53619500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53619500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69097.293814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69097.293814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69097.293814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69097.293814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69097.293814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69097.293814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             68909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           433.575802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59758250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             69343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            861.777685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   433.552181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.846782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.846828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38741544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38741544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21015913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21015913                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59757457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59757457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59757457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59757457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       108810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        108810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153848                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       262658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         262658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       262658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        262658                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5824673250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5824673250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9789140378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9789140378                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15613813628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15613813628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15613813628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15613813628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     38850354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38850354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60020115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60020115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60020115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60020115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007267                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53530.679625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53530.679625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63628.648913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63628.648913                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59445.414295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59445.414295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59445.414295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59445.414295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       564507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   104.693435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        31830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             31830                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        70940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        70940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       122456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       122456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       193396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       193396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        31392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        31392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1990254750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1990254750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2121742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2121742000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4111996750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4111996750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4111996750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4111996750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001483                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001483                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52554.918141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52554.918141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67588.621305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67588.621305                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59368.726719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59368.726719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59368.726719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59368.726719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
