
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.185937                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                185937192500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               185938903000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    56084                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12286250                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15133.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31490432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492038                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245917                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       334909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169360587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169695495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       334909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             334909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84645185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84645185                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84645185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       334909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169360587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              254340680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493013                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245917                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738930                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552704                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738688                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552704                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738688                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30901                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30916                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30852                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15417                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    185937162500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493013                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245917                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1302.351391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     624.522363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1941.541670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4146     11.43%     11.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3634     10.02%     21.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          485      1.34%     22.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          524      1.44%     24.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          510      1.41%     25.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          655      1.81%     27.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1801      4.97%     32.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3196      8.81%     41.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          465      1.28%     42.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          429      1.18%     43.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          324      0.89%     44.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          358      0.99%     45.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          390      1.08%     46.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          591      1.63%     48.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4302     11.86%     60.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2522      6.95%     67.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          433      1.19%     68.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          393      1.08%     69.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          274      0.76%     70.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          338      0.93%     71.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          394      1.09%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          683      1.88%     74.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         5892     16.24%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          190      0.52%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           83      0.23%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           62      0.17%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           30      0.08%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           26      0.07%     91.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           10      0.03%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           19      0.05%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           39      0.11%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           41      0.11%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           33      0.09%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.01%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           11      0.03%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           11      0.03%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           15      0.04%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.01%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           14      0.04%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            6      0.02%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           11      0.03%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.02%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.02%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            6      0.02%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.02%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           29      0.08%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.02%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.01%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.02%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            8      0.02%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.02%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.01%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.02%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.02%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            7      0.02%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            7      0.02%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            7      0.02%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           10      0.03%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            9      0.02%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           20      0.06%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           20      0.06%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           33      0.09%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            7      0.02%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.02%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            9      0.02%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           13      0.04%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           46      0.13%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.01%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           12      0.03%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            8      0.02%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           12      0.03%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.01%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            8      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.01%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.01%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            9      0.02%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            9      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            9      0.02%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            7      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.01%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.01%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            5      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            6      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            7      0.02%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            8      0.02%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           17      0.05%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.01%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.01%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.01%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            7      0.02%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.02%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.02%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.00%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.02%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            7      0.02%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.01%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            4      0.01%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            6      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.01%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           11      0.03%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.02%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.01%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           13      0.04%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            7      0.02%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            8      0.02%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.02%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.01%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.04%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            8      0.02%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            9      0.02%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            7      0.02%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            5      0.01%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.01%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           27      0.07%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           26      0.07%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2183      6.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36273                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      342603750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10019030000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465060000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7211366250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         694.92                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14627.16                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20322.08                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.70                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.70                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.65                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.70                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471118                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       251630.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    254340680                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247019                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47291392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47291392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47291392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353133000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338684500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28917507                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13772                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18378440                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18367424                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.940060                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9451063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          107                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242279945                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4519                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242284464                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81091018                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81093270                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323370963                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6771                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323377734                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77410577                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               100                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77410677                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                371874385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77452726                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878446437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28917507                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27818487                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128295332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          161332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      134149715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1532                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77410577                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7285                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    340030046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.583438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.572503                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        211734714     62.27%     62.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472755      1.32%     63.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8511496      2.50%     66.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218630      1.24%     67.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090483      1.50%     68.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643126      0.78%     69.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231939      1.83%     71.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689620      1.09%     72.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93437283     27.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    340030046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077761                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.362213                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105389774                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     106227570                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105323740                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22958805                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         130156                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9462905                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878353014                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         130156                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112651463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        46845571                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       372504                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121045484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58984867                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878217198                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          38512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54215453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749252026                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228571602                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855118009                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373453593                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           964045                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5813                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3731                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         176157734                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242359387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81142429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     33378786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2421903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849723078                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6883                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849316030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       962738                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       773947                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    340030046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.497768                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     36824411     10.83%     10.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62674910     18.43%     29.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     79713144     23.44%     52.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69882644     20.55%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50069724     14.73%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     29940719      8.81%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9240871      2.72%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1329801      0.39%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       353822      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    340030046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           76230      0.71%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1390202     13.00%     13.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       731832      6.85%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4063957     38.01%     58.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4428914     41.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299338268     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887660      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127960695     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252144      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320091      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147042      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242312131     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81097603      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849316030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.283879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10691135                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012588                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1522765764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588356727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586996088                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526599056                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262348532                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262227841                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595645110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264361662                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32716491                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       308831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          728                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12658                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95515                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1336                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         130156                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13714777                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1067425                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878070639                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6858                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242359387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81142429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3727                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          59492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         85345                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12658                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10259                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4132                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14391                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849273451                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242284470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        42579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28340678                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323377742                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28894212                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81093272                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.283764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849246515                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849223929                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723204472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         815899486                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.283631                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       892215                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    339899890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.580439                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281921                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    135265579     39.80%     39.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87238879     25.67%     65.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11532877      3.39%     68.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5841281      1.72%     70.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5574905      1.64%     72.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3668104      1.08%     73.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5874764      1.73%     75.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5854394      1.72%     76.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     79049107     23.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    339899890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      79049107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1138779732                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756096520                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  494123                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31844339                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.438140                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.438140                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.282377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.282377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949661159                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502212490                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277940864                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246493289                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8397234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485112                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8099.694426                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      532471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.079448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5591.733792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.644760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2499.329984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.782494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.203396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.682585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       320149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  320224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           459037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                459037                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       103944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                103944                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        424093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   424168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           75                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       424093                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  424168                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493013                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493013                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66973500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15047754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15114728000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15357995500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15357995500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66973500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30405750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30472723500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66973500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30405750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30472723500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       566195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              567243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       459037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            459037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       349938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            349938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       916133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               917181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       916133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              917181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.435473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.702965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.537531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.537531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68831.963001                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61158.297635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61188.523960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62432.398758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62432.398758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68831.963001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61795.280871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.168318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68831.963001                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61795.280871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.168318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245917                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12220598500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12276391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12532941500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12532941500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55792500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24753540000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24809332500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55792500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24753540000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24809332500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.435473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.702965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.702965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.537531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.928435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.537084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.537531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57340.698869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49667.942173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49698.164918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50948.159305                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50948.159305                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57340.698869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50307.983091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50321.862710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57340.698869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50307.983091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50321.862710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   473696644                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             567243                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            567241                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           459037                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           349938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          349938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2291301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2293397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     88010752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  88077824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              88077824                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1147146000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1494092500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               721                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77412308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62885.709180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.577231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.246666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77409107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77409107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77409107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77409107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77409107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77409107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94939499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94939499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94939499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94939499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94939499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94939499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77410577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77410577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77410577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77410577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77410577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77410577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.693197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64584.693197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.693197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64584.693197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.693197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64584.693197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          346                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    43.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          422                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65632.633588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65632.633588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65632.633588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65632.633588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65632.633588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65632.633588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            915978                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           232.959113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           287511998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            916211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            313.805442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   232.943805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.015308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.454968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.454998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207638510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207638510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79868275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79868275                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    287506785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        287506785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    287506785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       287506785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1920762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1920762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1175512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1175512                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      3096274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3096274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      3096274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3096274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63306987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63306987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48634157954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  48634157954                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111941144954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111941144954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111941144954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111941144954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209559272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209559272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290603059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290603059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290603059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290603059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32959.308337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32959.308337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41372.744773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41372.744773                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36153.500935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36153.500935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36153.500935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36153.500935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.379722                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       459037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            459037                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1354568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1354568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       825574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       825574                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2180142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2180142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2180142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2180142                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       566194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       566194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       349938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       349938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       916132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       916132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       916132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       916132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18825575250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18825575250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16754842249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16754842249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35580417499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35580417499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  35580417499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35580417499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33249.337241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33249.337241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47879.459359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47879.459359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38837.653852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38837.653852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38837.653852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38837.653852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
