
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.044044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 44044072500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                44045783500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26815                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26815                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9591624                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4591.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   123131363                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123131363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3667328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3716672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1365056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1365056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        57302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 58073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           21329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                21329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1120332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     83264961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                84385294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1120332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1120332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30992956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30992956                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30992956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1120332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     83264961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              115378250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         58073                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        21329                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          79402                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3716672                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1365056                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3716672                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1365056                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3692                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3582                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3615                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3490                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3564                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3692                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3499                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3508                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3575                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3781                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3741                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3712                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3764                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1343                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1339                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1344                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1242                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1220                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1351                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1393                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1378                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1362                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1364                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     44043791000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   58073                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  21329                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     34661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      7246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        16949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      299.360198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     126.424311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     820.462732                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           9557     56.39%     56.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2416     14.25%     70.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1284      7.58%     78.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          809      4.77%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          485      2.86%     85.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          344      2.03%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          213      1.26%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          168      0.99%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          104      0.61%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           88      0.52%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          112      0.66%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          125      0.74%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           77      0.45%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           56      0.33%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           58      0.34%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           63      0.37%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           42      0.25%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           39      0.23%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           23      0.14%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           92      0.54%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           28      0.17%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           28      0.17%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          151      0.89%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          155      0.91%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           19      0.11%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.03%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           14      0.08%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            7      0.04%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.07%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            8      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            6      0.04%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.06%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.04%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.02%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.06%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.04%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.04%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.04%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            6      0.04%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            6      0.04%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.03%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            6      0.04%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.04%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           12      0.07%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.05%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.04%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           10      0.06%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.03%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            5      0.03%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.03%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            4      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.04%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.05%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.03%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            4      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            4      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            3      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.02%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           72      0.42%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9345            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          16949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      817392250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1980909750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    290310000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   873207500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14077.92                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    15039.23                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  34117.15                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          84.39                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  84.39                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.99                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.07                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      47709                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14725                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  69.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       554693.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    115378250                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               32952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              32952                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             21329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             25121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            25121                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       137475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        137475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5081728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5081728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5081728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           125017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          275386250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3077690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2986936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       209753                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1299771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1270344                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     97.735986                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             56306105                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1112                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         56307217                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17373902                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4267                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17378169                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             73680007                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5379                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         73685386                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            10231466                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        10231596                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 88088145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10486738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              138802858                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3077690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1287232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              18204236                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2012274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       54773260                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10231466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         31497                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     85204085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.629063                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.189429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         66999849     78.63%     78.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           417713      0.49%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           322847      0.38%     79.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            84439      0.10%     79.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            81993      0.10%     79.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            49685      0.06%     79.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            23884      0.03%     79.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1022967      1.20%     80.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         16200708     19.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     85204085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.034939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.575727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         18007203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      47388757                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          10257221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7814864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1736039                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        71266                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      137782127                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1736039                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19782656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13979740                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1899842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          16014663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31791144                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      136581908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          2252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         475055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30694777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    115068998                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     199186980                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    197789638                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1397342                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     103634642                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11434356                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        73059                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55858817                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     58814694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18311769                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36340147                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7892374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135627162                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         129336972                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14168                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12405135                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10168115                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           66                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     85204085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.517967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.277586                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19648665     23.06%     23.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30040273     35.26%     58.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16307080     19.14%     77.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11849263     13.91%     91.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5865432      6.88%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1307067      1.53%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       166919      0.20%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18915      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          471      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     85204085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             357      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             30      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         656067     97.88%     97.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         13771      2.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        28133      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53350912     41.25%     41.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1443663      1.12%     42.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     42.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       372130      0.29%     42.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34826      0.03%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       125123      0.10%     42.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26610      0.02%     42.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28596      0.02%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     56524523     43.70%     86.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17402456     13.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      129336972                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.468268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              670265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    342854622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    146958066                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127931043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1707840                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1136803                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       837100                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      129124548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          854556                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22136490                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5261342                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11511                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        62852                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1381094                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17438                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1736039                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          585769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         29158                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135716222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7072                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      58814694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18311769                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1737                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4411                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        62852                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        77769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133322                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       211091                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     129053473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      56307219                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       283499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88804                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             73685388                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2675931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17378169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.465049                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              128910693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             128768143                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         107914524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         109090440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.461810                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989221                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12499856                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       209438                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     83468046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.475996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.044488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26939232     32.27%     32.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33903711     40.62%     72.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     12120767     14.52%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1922288      2.30%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1331768      1.60%     91.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       896143      1.07%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       492156      0.59%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       370158      0.44%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5491823      6.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     83468046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    123198522                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      123198522                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               70484027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              53553352                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2534694                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             750008                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122649965                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16585                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5491823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            213660197                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273136056                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   31044                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2884060                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           123127972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             123127972                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     123127972                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715419                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715419                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.397781                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.397781                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        187132220                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       108164389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            834761                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           664888                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32501                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          14223                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     50079                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8134.848218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     58071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.297153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5517.801143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   105.038098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2510.997827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.797975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.213175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.673560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.012822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.306518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        14310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   14310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            27790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 27790                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2196                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         16506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        16506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16506                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32181                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 32953                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        25121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25121                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        57302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  58074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        57302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 58074                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52163000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2485923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2538086500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1853100750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1853100750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52163000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339024250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4391187250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52163000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339024250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4391187250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               47263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        27790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             27790                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             27317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                74580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               74580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692198                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.697226                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.919610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.778681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.778681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67568.652850                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77248.174389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77021.409280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73766.997731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73766.997731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67568.652850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75722.038498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75613.652409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67568.652850                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75722.038498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75613.652409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                21329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     21329                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            32953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25121                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             58074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        57302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            58074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43304000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2116500500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2159804500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1564464250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1564464250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43304000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3680964750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3724268750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43304000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3680964750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3724268750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.692198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.697226                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.778681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.778681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56093.264249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65768.636773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65541.968865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62277.148601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62277.148601                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56093.264249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64237.980350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64129.709509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56093.264249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64237.980350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64129.709509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   148751367                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              47263                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             47262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            27790                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            27317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           27317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       175406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       176949                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6502272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6551616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6551616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           78975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1345500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         124574500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.884146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10233523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10659.919792                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   396.071978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    88.812168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.773578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10230308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10230308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10230308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10230308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10230308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10230308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75635000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75635000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75635000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10231466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10231466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10231466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10231466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10231466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10231466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65315.198618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65315.198618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65315.198618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65315.198618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65315.198618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65315.198618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52936000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52936000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68569.948187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68569.948187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68569.948187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68569.948187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68569.948187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68569.948187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             73384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           501.373235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            50794280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             73886                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            687.468262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   501.345258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.027977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.979190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.979245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     34019271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        34019271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16774216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16774216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     50793487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         50793487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     50793487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        50793487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       137414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        137414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       156380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       156380                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       293794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         293794                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       293794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        293794                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7259349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7259349000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9815910623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9815910623                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17075259623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17075259623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17075259623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17075259623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     34156685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     34156685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16930596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16930596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51087281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51087281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51087281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51087281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52828.307159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52828.307159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62769.603677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62769.603677                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58119.837788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58119.837788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58119.837788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58119.837788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       594469                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5622                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.739772                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             27790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        90924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        90924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       129065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       129065                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       219989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       219989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       219989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       219989                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        46490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        27315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73805                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2675518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2675518500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1902421749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1902421749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4577940249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4577940249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4577940249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4577940249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57550.408690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57550.408690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69647.510489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69647.510489                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62027.508285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62027.508285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62027.508285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62027.508285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
