
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.187974                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                187973993000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               187975703500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58346                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58346                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12921899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14546.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31491904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31554496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       332982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    167533303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               167866286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       332982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             332982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          83732775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               83732775                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          83732775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       332982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    167533303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              251599060                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493040                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245931                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738971                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31554496                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739584                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31554496                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739584                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30920                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15428                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15398                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    187973963000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493040                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245931                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1293.139166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     615.287185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1935.046424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4387     12.01%     12.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3526      9.65%     21.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          542      1.48%     23.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          572      1.57%     24.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          513      1.40%     26.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          646      1.77%     27.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1942      5.32%     33.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3262      8.93%     42.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          342      0.94%     43.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          445      1.22%     44.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          300      0.82%     45.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          393      1.08%     46.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          341      0.93%     47.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          467      1.28%     48.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4578     12.53%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2503      6.85%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          311      0.85%     68.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          318      0.87%     69.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          322      0.88%     70.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          280      0.77%     71.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          277      0.76%     71.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          463      1.27%     73.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6419     17.57%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           80      0.22%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           32      0.09%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           24      0.07%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           16      0.04%     91.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.03%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           24      0.07%     91.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           20      0.05%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           43      0.12%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           51      0.14%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           31      0.08%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           14      0.04%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           10      0.03%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           15      0.04%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           10      0.03%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           19      0.05%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           10      0.03%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           15      0.04%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           10      0.03%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           13      0.04%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           11      0.03%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           23      0.06%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.02%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           30      0.08%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.02%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            9      0.02%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.02%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            9      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.02%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            7      0.02%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            9      0.02%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.02%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            6      0.02%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.01%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.01%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.02%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.01%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.02%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           13      0.04%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           22      0.06%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           17      0.05%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           35      0.10%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           20      0.05%     92.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.02%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           13      0.04%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           14      0.04%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           27      0.07%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            4      0.01%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           10      0.03%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           11      0.03%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.01%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            7      0.02%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            9      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.01%     93.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.01%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.01%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            5      0.01%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            5      0.01%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.01%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            5      0.01%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.02%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.01%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.01%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           14      0.04%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           12      0.03%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.01%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           28      0.08%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.01%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.01%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           12      0.03%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            4      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            4      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.01%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.01%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.01%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.01%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            9      0.02%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.02%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            9      0.02%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            9      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           11      0.03%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           10      0.03%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           11      0.03%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.02%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           15      0.04%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            4      0.01%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.01%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           43      0.12%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            8      0.02%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           10      0.03%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           26      0.07%     93.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            6      0.02%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            9      0.02%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.02%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           17      0.05%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           25      0.07%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2132      5.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      345548500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10017447250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465125000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7206773750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         700.87                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14617.46                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20318.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         167.87                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          83.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 167.87                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  83.73                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.44                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231363                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       254372.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    251598720                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247034                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1232009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1232009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47294016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47294016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47294016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353209500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338677750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28924992                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13739                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18376900                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18372670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976982                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452890                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242287299                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4753                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242292052                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81104873                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2327                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81107200                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323392172                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               7080                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323399252                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77426876                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               105                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77426981                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                375947986                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77471175                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878538691                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28924992                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27825560                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128312045                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          176419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      138288911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1580                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77426876                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7827                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    344216399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.552286                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.562032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        215904354     62.72%     62.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4474273      1.30%     64.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510738      2.47%     66.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4221267      1.23%     67.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5093222      1.48%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643168      0.77%     69.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6237019      1.81%     71.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3690565      1.07%     72.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93441793     27.15%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    344216399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.076939                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.336862                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105607811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     110168488                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         104951257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23346738                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         142104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9466983                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878437416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         142104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112561696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        49502961                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       371785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120936439                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      60701413                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878299087                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          72625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      55760471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749298085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228686609                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855204426                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373482183                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          1010197                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5815                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3732                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         177586963                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242369816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81170660                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37920220                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3687151                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849793356                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849355902                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11303                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1022780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       829252                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    344216399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.467506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.584961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     38647126     11.23%     11.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63982825     18.59%     29.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     81620717     23.71%     53.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     69530345     20.20%     73.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     51668309     15.01%     88.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     27859318      8.09%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9177766      2.67%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1335758      0.39%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       394235      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    344216399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          108928      0.99%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3456      0.03%      1.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1262310     11.52%     12.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       695232      6.34%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     18.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4154763     37.90%     56.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4737371     43.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299354896     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887369      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962275     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252036      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320104      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242320914     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81110902      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849355902                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.259238                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10962060                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012906                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1527344727                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588458731                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587024875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526556839                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262379350                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262232837                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      596003643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264313926                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32456835                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       319284                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          771                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       123745                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2260                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         142104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14551057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        774864                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878146736                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242369816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81170660                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3725                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         156884                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         40674                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        15197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10319                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4259                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14578                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849308877                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242292059                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        47025                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28346498                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323399260                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896942                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81107201                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.259113                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849280300                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849257712                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722732958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         818121902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.258977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.883405                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       969183                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13267                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    344074295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.549132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.274211                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    139838427     40.64%     40.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     86734613     25.21%     65.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11320370      3.29%     69.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6076626      1.77%     70.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5542719      1.61%     72.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3840528      1.12%     73.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5874575      1.71%     75.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5907011      1.72%     77.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78939426     22.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    344074295                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78939426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1143140654                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756262359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  502713                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31731587                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.442939                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.442939                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.257646                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.257646                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949711608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502227432                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277944174                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246496843                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485155                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8113.597101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1074624                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.178324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5599.479765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.749684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2505.386110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.779113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.683530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       609791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  609865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           711647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                711647                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       277638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                277638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        887429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   887503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       887429                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  887503                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246056                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246006                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493040                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15056342750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15122805750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15349034000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15349034000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30405376750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30471839750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30405376750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30471839750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       855847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              856899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       711647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            711647                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       523644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            523644                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1379491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1380543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1379491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1380543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.288288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469796                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.469796                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.357135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.357135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67958.077710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61190.715731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61217.507509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62392.925376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62392.925376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67958.077710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61791.759473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61803.991055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67958.077710                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61791.759473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61803.991055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246006                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12229141250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12284373250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12524035000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524035000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55232000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24753176250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24808408250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55232000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24753176250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24808408250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.357135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.357135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56474.437628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49700.642333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49727.459580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50909.469688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50909.469688                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56474.437628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50304.994594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50317.232375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56474.437628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50304.994594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50317.232375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   712332753                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             856899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            856897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           711647                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           523644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          523644                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3470627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      3472731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    133832704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 133900032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             133900032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1757742000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1814500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2189003000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               725                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.825215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77428615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62695.234818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.521792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.303423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77425414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77425414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77425414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77425414                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93857749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93857749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93857749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77426876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77426876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77426876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77426876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64198.186731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64198.186731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64198.186731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64198.186731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64198.186731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64198.186731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          529                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    52.900000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68266500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68266500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68266500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64892.110266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64892.110266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64892.110266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64892.110266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64892.110266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64892.110266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1379429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           139.991523                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           285910031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1379569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            207.245909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   139.978038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.013485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.273395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.273421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    206572762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       206572762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79332056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79332056                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    285904818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        285904818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    285904818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       285904818                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3252612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3252612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1711732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1711732                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4964344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4964344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4964344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4964344                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  77204465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  77204465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54712308936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  54712308936                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21238500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21238500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131916774436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131916774436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131916774436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131916774436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209825374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209825374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290869162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290869162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290869162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290869162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23736.143598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23736.143598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31963.127952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31963.127952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13755.505181                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13755.505181                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26572.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26572.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26572.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26572.851204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.527989                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       711647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            711647                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2396090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2396090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1188765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1188765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3584855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3584855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3584855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3584855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       856522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       856522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       522967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       522967                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1379489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1379489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1379489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1379489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22057269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22057269000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18670174250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18670174250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40727443250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40727443250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40727443250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40727443250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006453                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25752.133629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25752.133629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35700.482535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35700.482535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        54375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54375                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29523.572316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29523.572316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29523.572316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29523.572316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
