
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056386                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56385505500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56387216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36548                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8048520                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7005.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9581632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4753728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4753728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74277                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1103262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    168827501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               169930764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1103262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1103262                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84307624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84307624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84307624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1103262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    168827501                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              254238388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149714                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74277                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223991                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9581632                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4753728                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9581632                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4753728                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9540                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9241                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9407                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9399                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4673                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4642                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56385475500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149714                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74277                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1284.423910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     572.754212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1983.960269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1543     13.87%     13.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          991      8.91%     22.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          372      3.34%     26.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          214      1.92%     28.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          223      2.00%     30.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          222      2.00%     32.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          571      5.13%     37.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          913      8.21%     45.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          149      1.34%     46.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          110      0.99%     47.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          120      1.08%     48.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          114      1.02%     49.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          104      0.93%     50.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          134      1.20%     51.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1131     10.17%     62.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          681      6.12%     68.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          146      1.31%     69.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          142      1.28%     70.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          128      1.15%     71.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          140      1.26%     73.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          138      1.24%     74.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          188      1.69%     76.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1424     12.80%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           82      0.74%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           25      0.22%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           32      0.29%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           12      0.11%     90.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            7      0.06%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.12%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.11%     90.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           15      0.13%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            9      0.08%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.07%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.06%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.05%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.04%     91.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.02%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.03%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.04%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.04%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.05%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.04%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.06%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           15      0.13%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.04%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.03%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.02%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.04%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.06%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.04%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            5      0.04%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            4      0.04%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.04%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            2      0.02%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.03%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.05%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            8      0.07%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            6      0.05%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.01%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            4      0.04%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.04%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.04%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.04%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.03%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.01%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            4      0.04%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            7      0.06%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.02%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.03%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.03%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            7      0.06%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.02%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            3      0.03%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.04%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            6      0.05%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.05%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.04%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.03%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.04%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.04%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.07%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.07%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.03%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           10      0.09%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.01%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            5      0.04%     93.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.06%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            5      0.04%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            5      0.04%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            6      0.05%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          662      5.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      124111500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3061622750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748525000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2188986250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         829.04                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14622.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20451.04                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         169.93                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 169.93                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.31                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.74                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     142990                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69857                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       251730.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    254237253                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75373                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373703                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14335296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14335296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14335296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409103500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710141750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8742576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3032069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         8006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5558820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5551172                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862417                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73105529                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1453                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106982                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24470855                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               753                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24471608                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97576384                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2206                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97578590                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23376619                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23376720                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112771011                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23406958                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265170889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8742576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8402879                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38732332                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           71237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       40832611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1499                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23376619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3256                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    103030940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.573702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.569099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         64298608     62.41%     62.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351528      1.31%     63.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568818      2.49%     66.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275460      1.24%     67.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1539131      1.49%     68.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800318      0.78%     69.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882487      1.83%     71.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1114411      1.08%     72.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28200179     27.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    103030940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077525                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.351410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31835465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      32411367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31781324                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6945823                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          56960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2857180                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265131954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          56960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33924338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14449217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       122801                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36548749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17928874                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265073292                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16506272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226133819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370822747                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258199011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112623736                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           413590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2542                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1632                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52980153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73142974                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24493412                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10369257                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       786224                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256456069                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3042                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256262805                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       410640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363360                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          169                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    103030940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.487241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.586628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     11184057     10.86%     10.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19221729     18.66%     29.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     24238055     23.53%     53.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21014577     20.40%     73.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15275316     14.83%     88.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8740481      8.48%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2873629      2.79%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       388976      0.38%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        94120      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    103030940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           21663      0.66%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            39      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        396201     12.02%     12.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       213068      6.46%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1241312     37.66%     56.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1424093     43.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90342375     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697529      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588808     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551642      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540632      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73119465     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24473129      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256262805                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.272417                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3296376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    460078938                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177758026                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177140384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158778949                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115765                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081693                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179864426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79694631                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9789918                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130734                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          200                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4102                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41994                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1058                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          56960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4188746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        208205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    265009814                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73142974                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24493412                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1626                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          15611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         12633                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4102                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5067                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256244149                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106995                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550703                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97578603                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730799                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24471608                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.272252                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256231517                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256222077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218035977                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246525867                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.272056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.884434                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       394526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7539                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102973980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.569483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.273765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     40980293     39.80%     39.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26530655     25.76%     65.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3483703      3.38%     68.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1843990      1.79%     70.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1681307      1.63%     72.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1135014      1.10%     73.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1810338      1.76%     75.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1771888      1.72%     76.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23736792     23.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102973980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23736792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            344204736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530026022                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  150230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9740071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.440440                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.440440                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.270458                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.270458                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286557155                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151543488                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83819048                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335822                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141817                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8070.312709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      180463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.203223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5658.203893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.826712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2384.023248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.586318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.672539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.690699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.291018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       103726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  103798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           153017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                153017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 45465                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        149191                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   149263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       149191                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  149263                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67959500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4589853500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4657813000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4614763750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4614763750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67959500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9204617250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9272576750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67959500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9204617250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9272576750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       178127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              179171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       153017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            153017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       119806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            119806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       297933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               298977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       297933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              298977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417685                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.420676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.620511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.620511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.499246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.500754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.499246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.500754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69917.181070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61690.750124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61796.837064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62075.621124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62075.621124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69917.181070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61883.107999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61935.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69917.181070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61883.107999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61935.268245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74277                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56794500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3735041500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3791836000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3761033250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3761033250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56794500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7496074750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7552869250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56794500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7496074750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7552869250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.620511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.499246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.500754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.499246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.500754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58430.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50201.495948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50307.616786                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50591.641893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50591.641893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58430.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50396.490231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50448.650427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58430.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50396.490231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50448.650427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   513030570                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             179171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            179169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           153017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           119806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          119806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       748881                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       750969                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     28860672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  28927488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              28927488                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          379014000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1802500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         483097000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               718                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.764489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23378376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19053.281174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.475982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.288507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23375175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23375175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23375175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23375175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23375175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23375175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1444                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95221999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95221999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95221999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95221999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95221999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95221999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23376619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23376619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23376619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65943.212604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65943.212604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65943.212604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65943.212604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65943.212604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65943.212604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          747                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    93.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1044                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69732000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69732000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69732000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66793.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66793.103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66793.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66793.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66793.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66793.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            297810                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           200.908333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86738816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            298011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            291.059109                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   200.858840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.049494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62718186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62718186                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24017863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24017863                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86736049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86736049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86736049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86736049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       595098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        595098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       432204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       432204                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          439                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1027302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1027302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1027302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1027302                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19509058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19509058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15275303153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15275303153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6197500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6197500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34784361153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34784361153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34784361153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34784361153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63313284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63313284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1354                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87763351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87763351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87763351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87763351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017677                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.324225                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32782.933231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32782.933231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35342.808380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35342.808380                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14117.312073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14117.312073                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33859.917680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33859.917680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33859.917680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33859.917680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6192                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               368                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.826087                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       153017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            153017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       416844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       416844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       312527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       312527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       729371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       729371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       729371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       729371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       178254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       178254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       119677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       119677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       297931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       297931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5811293750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5811293750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5190528499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5190528499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11001822249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11001822249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11001822249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11001822249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001477                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32601.196888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32601.196888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43371.144823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43371.144823                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36927.416915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36927.416915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36927.416915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36927.416915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
