
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.056207                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 56206681500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                56208392000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  37664                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    37664                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8267881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6798.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   256045201                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     256045201                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      9518464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9580736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4753024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4753024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       148726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                149699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           74266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                74266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1107911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    169347553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170455464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1107911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1107911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84563327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84563327                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84563327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1107911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    169347553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255018792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        149700                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        74266                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         223966                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      9580736                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4753024                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                9580736                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                4753024                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  9649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  9539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  9489                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  9240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  9388                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  9263                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  9306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  9243                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  9256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 9262                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 9365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 9404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 9347                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 9264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 9400                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  4736                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  4613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  4616                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  4654                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 4609                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 4663                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 4641                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 4614                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 4608                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     56206651500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  149700                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  74266                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    149170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        11057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1292.033644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     574.205916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1979.568001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1545     13.97%     13.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1014      9.17%     23.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          352      3.18%     26.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          215      1.94%     28.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          245      2.22%     30.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          229      2.07%     32.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          503      4.55%     37.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          711      6.43%     43.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          238      2.15%     45.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          180      1.63%     47.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          148      1.34%     48.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          140      1.27%     49.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          185      1.67%     51.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          226      2.04%     53.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          930      8.41%     62.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          567      5.13%     67.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          190      1.72%     68.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          189      1.71%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          155      1.40%     72.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          161      1.46%     73.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          161      1.46%     74.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          241      2.18%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1175     10.63%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           68      0.61%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           48      0.43%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           38      0.34%     89.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           30      0.27%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           17      0.15%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           20      0.18%     89.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           16      0.14%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           14      0.13%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           16      0.14%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.14%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           15      0.14%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            6      0.05%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.13%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.06%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.05%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            6      0.05%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.08%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            9      0.08%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.04%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.03%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     91.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           12      0.11%     91.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           12      0.11%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.04%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.05%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.05%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            9      0.08%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           11      0.10%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.03%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            6      0.05%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.06%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.05%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.03%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.06%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.04%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.04%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.04%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.03%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            3      0.03%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.03%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            4      0.04%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            8      0.07%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            6      0.05%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.03%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.05%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.05%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.05%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.03%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            4      0.04%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.03%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.02%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.03%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            5      0.05%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.06%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.05%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.03%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            5      0.05%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            6      0.05%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            7      0.06%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.05%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.01%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     93.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.03%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.02%     93.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.02%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.05%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.05%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.04%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            4      0.04%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            4      0.04%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.04%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.06%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.07%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.03%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.05%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.04%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.05%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            4      0.04%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.05%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.03%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            6      0.05%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            3      0.03%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            9      0.08%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           13      0.12%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           10      0.09%     94.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          623      5.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          11057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      120459250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                3056465500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    748395000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  2187611250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         804.78                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14615.35                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20420.14                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.46                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.46                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.56                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.02                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143014                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     69852                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250960.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255017653                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               75366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              75364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             74266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             74334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            74334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       373664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        373664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     14333696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   14333696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               14333696                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           409047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          710080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8742429                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3031974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect         7993                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5558673                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5551025                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.862413                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2851671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          114                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             73105203                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1455                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         73106658                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            24470872                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               704                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        24471576                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             97576075                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2159                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         97578234                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            23376423                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        23376524                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  166                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                112413363                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23406747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              265170023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8742429                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      8402696                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              38732134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles           70941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       40463820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1495                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          23376423                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          3364                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    102661547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.582954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.572169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63929413     62.27%     62.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351520      1.32%     63.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2568837      2.50%     66.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1275430      1.24%     67.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1539069      1.50%     68.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           800289      0.78%     69.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1882353      1.83%     71.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1114388      1.09%     72.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         28200248     27.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    102661547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.358883                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         31818950                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      32058892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          31809867                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6917066                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles          56771                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      2857157                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      265131136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1535                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles          56771                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         33898438                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14209937                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       121462                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          36556297                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      17818641                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      265071940                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents           4624                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      16406318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    226132761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     370820872                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    258197130                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    112623742                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     225720229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           412532                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2522                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1614                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52799715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     73142807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     24493348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10378048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       812634                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          256455373                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3006                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         256262071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         4848                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       409823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       363065                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    102661547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.496184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.586117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     11011010     10.73%     10.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19044936     18.55%     29.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     24121353     23.50%     52.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     21048367     20.50%     73.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     15301754     14.91%     88.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8760612      8.53%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2884400      2.81%     99.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       400068      0.39%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        89047      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    102661547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14239      0.43%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            39      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt        409578     12.39%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       219364      6.63%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        1231988     37.25%     56.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1431789     43.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          124      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      90342014     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      5697527      2.22%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     38588760     15.06%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     14551615      5.68%     58.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      8540617      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       949098      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73119251     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     24473062      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      256262071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.279641                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3306997                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012905                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    459699121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177756641                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    177139825                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    158798413                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     79115615                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79081602                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      179854750                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        79714194                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      9782494                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       130567                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          209                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4107                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41930                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          821                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles          56771                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4136666                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        196474                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    265009066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      73142807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     24493348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1608                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          10659                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         11839                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4107                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5043                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     256243125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      73106669                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               8550687                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             97578245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          8730804                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           24471576                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.279472                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              256230742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             256221427                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         218062432                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         246631275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.279279                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.884164                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       393691                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7526                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102604776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.578729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.273853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     40539952     39.51%     39.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26549707     25.88%     65.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3511523      3.42%     68.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1864045      1.82%     70.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1709540      1.67%     72.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1169488      1.14%     73.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1785595      1.74%     75.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1773557      1.73%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     23701369     23.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102604776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    264589909                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      264589909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               97463658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              73012240                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                1351                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            8720356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           79058653                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         207968675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2850486                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      23701369                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            343870120                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           530024166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  150472                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 9751816                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             256041810                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     256041810                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.439043                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.439043                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.277681                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.277681                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        286555888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       151542839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          83818966                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         74335720                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         2533218                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           2703                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    141780                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8030.416095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      128738                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    149951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.858534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5639.245348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    24.862921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2363.043459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.591254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.673113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.688384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.288457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        75027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   75100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           129652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                129652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33498                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33498                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        108525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   108598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       108525                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  108598                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 75367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               74334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       148727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 149701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       148727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                149701                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66661750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4588459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4655121250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4611615750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    4611615750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66661750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9200075250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9266737000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66661750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9200075250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9266737000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       149420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              150467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       129652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            129652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       107832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            107832                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       257252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               258299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       257252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              258299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.497878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.500887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.689350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.579565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.579565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68441.221766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61678.645840                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61766.041504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62039.117362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.117362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68441.221766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61858.810102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61901.637264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68441.221766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61858.810102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61901.637264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                74266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     74266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            75367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          74334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            149701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           149701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55486250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3733739500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3789225750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3757955250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3757955250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55486250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7491694750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7547181000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55486250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7491694750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7547181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.497878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.500887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.689350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.689350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.579565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.579565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56967.402464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50189.392819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50276.987939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50554.998386                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50554.998386                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56967.402464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50372.123085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50415.033968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56967.402464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50372.123085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50415.033968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   441738799                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             150467                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            150464                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           129652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           107832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          107832                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2093                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       644154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       646247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        66944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     24761728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  24828672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              24828672                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          323627500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1805250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         422077500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               720                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.764253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            23378162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          19022.100895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   497.475595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.288658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.971632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.022048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        23374961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         23374961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     23374961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        23374961                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94361499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94361499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94361499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94361499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94361499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94361499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23376423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23376423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23376423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23376423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64542.748974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64542.748974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64542.748974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64542.748974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64542.748974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64542.748974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          370                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    46.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          415                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68446250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68446250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68446250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68446250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68446250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68446250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65373.686724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65373.686724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65373.686724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65373.686724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65373.686724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65373.686724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            257008                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           321.751453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            86877588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            257330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            337.611580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   321.698478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.052975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.628317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.628421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     62807180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        62807180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     24067641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       24067641                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          915                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     86874821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         86874821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     86874821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        86874821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       513400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        513400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       382426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       382426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       895826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         895826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       895826                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        895826                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18639291250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18639291250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14700060941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14700060941                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6190500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      6190500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33339352191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33339352191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33339352191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33339352191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63320580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63320580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     24450067                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1353                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1351                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87770647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     87770647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     87770647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     87770647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.323725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.323725                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36305.592618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36305.592618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38438.968430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38438.968430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14133.561644                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14133.561644                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37216.325705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37216.325705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37216.325705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37216.325705                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5249                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               251                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.912351                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       129652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            129652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       363856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       363856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       274720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       274720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       638576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       638576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       638576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       638576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       149544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       107706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       257250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       257250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       257250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       257250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5493796250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5493796250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5055113499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5055113499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10548909749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548909749                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10548909749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10548909749                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001478                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36736.988779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36736.988779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46934.372263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46934.372263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        46625                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41006.451891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41006.451891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41006.451891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41006.451891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
