
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.052136                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52135895500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                52137606500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31786                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11364354                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4587.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145823049                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145823049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3511808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3561152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1602048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1602048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        54872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 55643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           25032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                25032                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       946450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     67358736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                68305185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       946450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             946450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30728311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30728311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30728311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       946450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     67358736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               99033496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         55643                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        25032                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          80675                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3561152                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1602048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3561152                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1602048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       13                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3688                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3452                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3402                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3497                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3416                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3338                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3522                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3332                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3436                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3466                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3467                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1658                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1671                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1682                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1568                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1599                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1703                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1469                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1500                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1504                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1484                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1516                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1630                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     52135615000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   55643                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  25032                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     36038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        19763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      260.857562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     119.760628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     728.532011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          11406     57.71%     57.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2926     14.81%     72.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1443      7.30%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          848      4.29%     84.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          631      3.19%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          533      2.70%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          294      1.49%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          186      0.94%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           88      0.45%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           89      0.45%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           66      0.33%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           70      0.35%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           59      0.30%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           37      0.19%     94.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           34      0.17%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           58      0.29%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           30      0.15%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           31      0.16%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           31      0.16%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          104      0.53%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           27      0.14%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           16      0.08%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          234      1.18%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          176      0.89%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           17      0.09%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           14      0.07%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           11      0.06%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           13      0.07%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            7      0.04%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.06%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            7      0.04%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            5      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            9      0.05%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.02%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            3      0.02%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            3      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            6      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            7      0.04%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.02%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            5      0.03%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.03%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.04%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.02%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.02%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           66      0.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          19763                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      827250000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1890800000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    278150000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   785400000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14870.57                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14118.28                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33988.85                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          68.31                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  68.31                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.73                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.85                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      47335                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13556                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       646242.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     99033496                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27502                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             25032                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       136318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        136318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      5163200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    5163200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5163200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           140465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          263903500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3539987                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3361390                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       223494                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1332905                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1306251                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.000308                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36032                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           75                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66289178                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1079                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66290257                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21596561                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4296                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21600857                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87885739                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5375                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87891114                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11740830                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11740960                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                104271791                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     12018568                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              162245679                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3539987                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1342283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21169813                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2106971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       66598879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11740830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         35801                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    101593626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.597006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.169102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         80423813     79.16%     79.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           428627      0.42%     79.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           316276      0.31%     79.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            98975      0.10%     79.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           106631      0.10%     80.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            73434      0.07%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            33764      0.03%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1005551      0.99%     81.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19106555     18.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    101593626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033950                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.555988                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20859482                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      57906468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          11968340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9056781                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1802554                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       137825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      161139661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1042                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1802554                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23120649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        16049134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4374859                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18490283                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      37756146                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159682617                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         758337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36267775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    133401659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     233410012                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    230334046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3075966                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121655551                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11746108                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       165047                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          145                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          66259620                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68856118                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22585466                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43450758                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9342251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158595290                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         152022699                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17432                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12676280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10695814                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           63                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101593626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.496380                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23780623     23.41%     23.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     36066351     35.50%     58.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19696931     19.39%     78.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13444424     13.23%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7022574      6.91%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1396237      1.37%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       148186      0.15%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        37783      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          517      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    101593626                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             393      0.04%      0.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             19      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         885567     97.91%     97.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         18448      2.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        66439      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      61143031     40.22%     40.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1358181      0.89%     41.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       841161      0.55%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        78968      0.05%     41.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       278572      0.18%     41.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        56195      0.04%     41.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        65126      0.04%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66507954     43.75%     85.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21627072     14.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      152022699                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.457947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              904467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005950                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    402728970                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168893761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    149521922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3831953                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2457062                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1883439                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150943083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1917644                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27399239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5357145                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12522                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        79613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1432682                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15144                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1802554                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          547860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         29286                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158719009                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         9032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68856118                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22585466                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           4193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        79613                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        72969                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       152111                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       225080                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151722791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66290259                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       299908                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                123466                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87891116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3113375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21600857                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.455070                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              151568814                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             151405361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125636820                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127695975                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.452026                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12792098                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       223179                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     99791072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.462148                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.015733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32149260     32.22%     32.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41042512     41.13%     73.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     13896480     13.93%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2331719      2.34%     89.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1874900      1.88%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1163700      1.17%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       658048      0.66%     93.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       583280      0.58%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6091173      6.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     99791072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145909361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145909361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84651757                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63498973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2964209                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1712537                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144737068                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        35738                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       6091173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            252386577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           319209511                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   27949                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2678165                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145819658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145819658                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145819658                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715074                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715074                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.398457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.398457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        219622742                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       125309633                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1878639                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1494563                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           70807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     47599                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8110.476449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     55634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.239368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               50309084250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6085.784774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    79.777534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1944.047042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.685422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.181676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.742894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.237310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            32782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 32782                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  4229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         12588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        12588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12588                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        26731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 27503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28141                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               28141                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        54872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  55644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        54872                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 55644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53394750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2043704250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2097099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2102308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2102308500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53394750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4146012750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4199407500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53394750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4146012750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4199407500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               35862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        32782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             32782                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             32370                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                68232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        67460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               68232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.761784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.766912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.869354                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.815512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.815512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69164.183938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76454.462983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76249.827292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74706.247113                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74706.247113                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69164.183938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75557.893826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75469.188053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69164.183938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75557.893826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75469.188053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                25032                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     25032                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            27503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          28141                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             55644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            55644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44539250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1736733750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1781273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1779041500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1779041500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44539250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3515775250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560314500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44539250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3515775250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3560314500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.761784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.766912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.869354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813401                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.815512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.813401                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.815512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57693.329016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64970.773634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64766.498200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63218.844391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63218.844391                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57693.329016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64072.300080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63983.798792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57693.329016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64072.300080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63983.798792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   123999635                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              35862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             35861                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            32782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            32370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           32370                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       167702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       169245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      6415488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   6464832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               6464832                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           83289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1343750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         114507750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.455028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11742895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12232.182292                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.158673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.296355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11739680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11739680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11739680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11739680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11739680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11739680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1150                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76968750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76968750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76968750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76968750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76968750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76968750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11740830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11740830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11740830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11740830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11740830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11740830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66929.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66929.347826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66929.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66929.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66929.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66929.347826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54167750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54167750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54167750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54167750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54167750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54167750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70165.479275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70165.479275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70165.479275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70165.479275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70165.479275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70165.479275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             67027                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           510.436759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59769870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             67538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            884.981344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.413125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.996901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38773914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38773914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     20995162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20995162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           73                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59769076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59769076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59769076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59769076                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       105642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        105642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157543                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157543                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       263185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         263185                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       263185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        263185                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6193875250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6193875250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9934320112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9934320112                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16128195362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16128195362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16128195362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16128195362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     38879556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38879556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21152705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21152705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60032261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60032261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60032261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60032261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.087500                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58630.802616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58630.802616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63057.832541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63057.832541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61280.830450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61280.830450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61280.830450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61280.830450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       590016                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5667                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   104.114346                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        32782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             32782                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        70554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        70554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       125174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       125174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       195728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       195728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195728                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        67457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        67457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2162360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2162360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2177032500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2177032500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4339393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4339393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4339393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037500                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61626.781236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61626.781236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67256.711669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67256.711669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64328.283203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64328.283203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64328.283203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64328.283203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
