
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.182021                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                182020884500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               182022595500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31449                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    31449                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9946657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750544                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18299.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   575507247                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     575507247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        59776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4870400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4930176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        59776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           59776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2215744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2215744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        76100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 77034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           34621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                34621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       328402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     26757369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                27085771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       328402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             328402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          12173021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               12173021                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          12173021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       328402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     26757369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               39258792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         77034                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        34621                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         111655                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4930176                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2215744                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4930176                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2215744                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       20                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4815                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4745                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5061                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4602                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4749                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4744                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4915                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4804                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4817                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2183                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2245                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2070                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2107                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2111                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2195                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2209                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    182020593000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   77034                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  34621                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     57394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      557.934354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     223.872473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1138.696971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4243     33.16%     33.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1868     14.60%     47.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1199      9.37%     57.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          818      6.39%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          561      4.38%     67.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          405      3.17%     71.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          345      2.70%     73.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          355      2.77%     76.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          196      1.53%     78.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          181      1.41%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          141      1.10%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          125      0.98%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           91      0.71%     82.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           74      0.58%     82.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           89      0.70%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          144      1.13%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           94      0.73%     85.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           88      0.69%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           65      0.51%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          191      1.49%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           71      0.55%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           50      0.39%     89.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          426      3.33%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          346      2.70%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           32      0.25%     95.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           20      0.16%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.15%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           19      0.15%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           21      0.16%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           12      0.09%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.10%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.05%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            8      0.06%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            9      0.07%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.05%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           10      0.08%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.04%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.07%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.06%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.03%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           11      0.09%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.06%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            5      0.04%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            6      0.05%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.05%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           10      0.08%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.05%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.04%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           11      0.09%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.03%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            4      0.03%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.03%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            5      0.04%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.03%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            5      0.04%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.05%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            3      0.02%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.08%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.02%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            8      0.06%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            9      0.07%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.04%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            3      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.05%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            6      0.05%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.05%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.05%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.03%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            4      0.03%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            5      0.04%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.02%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            6      0.05%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.03%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.04%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            2      0.02%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            5      0.04%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            4      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            4      0.03%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          119      0.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12796                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      703127500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2038061250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    385070000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   949863750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9129.87                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12333.65                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26463.52                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          27.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          12.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  27.09                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  12.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.07                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      71765                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     27068                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1630205.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     39258792                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               40694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              40694                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             34621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             36340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            36340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       188689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        188689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7145920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7145920                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           194311500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          365308250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        58273921                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     47074475                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       714054                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     37378652                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        37175065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.455339                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3027709                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         4017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            189294782                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1081                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        189295863                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            79061942                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4737                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        79066679                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            268356724                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5818                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        268362542                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            66600348                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               167                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        66600515                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               106802                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                364043397                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     67093107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              624829091                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            58273921                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     40202774                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             104667372                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         5920037                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      182754326                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           94                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         4437                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          66600348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        264269                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    359545990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.737828                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.009438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        254878618     70.89%     70.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6475609      1.80%     72.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6810391      1.89%     74.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9762069      2.72%     77.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7488483      2.08%     79.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9342075      2.60%     81.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6822307      1.90%     83.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5883160      1.64%     85.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         52083278     14.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    359545990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.160074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.716359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         86348382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     164015784                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          88230213                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      15934857                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        5016753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6395107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9917                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      621852801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        5016753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         96090808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        42739864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     48865965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          93885491                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      72947108                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      618324554                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       18807562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      47279133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    477211171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     878327476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    872875359                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5452117                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     446265653                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         30945518                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1293679                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       320642                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         147058940                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    192861682                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81267715                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     75999407                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     21270142                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          609889934                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       534420                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         595625854                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       416650                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     34428597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25397331                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          341                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    359545990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.656605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.652321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    108861142     30.28%     30.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     91023692     25.32%     55.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     64627037     17.97%     73.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     45238560     12.58%     86.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     26425678      7.35%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     13065138      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5112339      1.42%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3609260      1.00%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1583144      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    359545990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          839658     17.12%     17.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           4403      0.09%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            11      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             1      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     17.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        3512945     71.62%     88.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        547824     11.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       106784      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     317902465     53.37%     53.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6503028      1.09%     54.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1007302      0.17%     54.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       285374      0.05%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       238062      0.04%     54.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55891      0.01%     54.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        60204      0.01%     54.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51807      0.01%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190169532     31.93%     86.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     79245405     13.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      595625854                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.636140                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             4904881                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.008235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1549494646                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    641298810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    589915454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6624583                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3748699                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3236819                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      597049570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3374381                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     59238369                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     11364360                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        75880                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       200078                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3783666                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       230757                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17968                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        5016753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10030119                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2379633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    615054382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     192861682                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81267715                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       320631                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        1729345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         27405                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       200078                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       547660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       174196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       721856                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     594620371                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     189295865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1005483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4630028                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            268362544                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         55713030                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           79066679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.633378                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              593596994                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             593152273                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         425014897                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         483632116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.629345                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.878798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     35414361                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       534079                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       704156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    354529237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.635505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.585008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    162991395     45.97%     45.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    102768166     28.99%     74.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     25627563      7.23%     82.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8695484      2.45%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5587187      1.58%     86.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2679305      0.76%     86.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1931953      0.54%     87.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1597977      0.45%     87.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     42650207     12.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    354529237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    579834230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      579834230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              258981371                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             181497322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              213637                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           54402436                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2991230                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         568438643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2882347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      42650207                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            927115141                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1235524963                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  231256                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4497407                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           575503856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             575503856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     575503856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.632565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.632565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.580866                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.580866                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        845379722                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       459885609                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3416747                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1835866                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1285701                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         427276                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     69146                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8159.567146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     9535786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     77254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    123.434204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               28451609000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1628.008411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    66.586555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6464.724673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.194876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.052632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.198731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.008128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5951280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5951283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          3620750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               3620750                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1455642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1455642                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       7406922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  7406925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7406922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 7406925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        39760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 40695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        36340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               36340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  77035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 77035                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2527401750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2591986750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2641687500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2641687500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5169089250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5233674250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5169089250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5233674250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5991040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             5991978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3620750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           3620750                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1491982                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1491982                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7483022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              7483960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7483022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             7483960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006637                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.006792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.024357                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69074.866310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63566.442404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63693.002826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72693.657127                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72693.657127                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69074.866310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67924.957293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67938.914130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69074.866310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67924.957293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67938.914130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                34621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     34621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            40695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          36340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             77035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            77035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2070838250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2124694250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2224295500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2224295500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4295133750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4348989750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4295133750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4348989750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        57600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52083.456992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52210.203956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61207.911392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61207.911392                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        57600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56440.653745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56454.725125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        57600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56440.653745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56454.725125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3904504573                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5991978                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5991977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          3620750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1491982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1491982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     18586794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     18588669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        59968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    710641408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 710701376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             710701376                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9173105000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1633249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11242943250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               614                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           502.457061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            66602088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          59149.278863                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      182018801750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.317433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    45.139628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.893198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66598873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        66598873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66598873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         66598873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     66598873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        66598873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99419999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99419999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99419999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99419999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     99419999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99419999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66600348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     66600348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66600348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     66600348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     66600348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     66600348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67403.389153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67403.389153                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67403.389153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67403.389153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67403.389153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67403.389153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          115                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65554251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65554251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65554251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65554251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65554251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65554251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69887.261194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69887.261194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69887.261194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69887.261194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69887.261194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69887.261194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7482899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           200.832256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           188616639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7483100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.205682                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   200.825487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.006770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    116150488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       116150488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     72044566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       72044566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       207306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       207306                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       213637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       213637                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    188195054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        188195054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    188195054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       188195054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     13453223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      13453223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5225846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5225846                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6332                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6332                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     18679069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       18679069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     18679069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      18679069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151547603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 151547603500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78986644204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  78986644204                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85687750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85687750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 230534247704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 230534247704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 230534247704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 230534247704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129603711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129603711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77270412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     77270412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       213638                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       213637                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       213637                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206874123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    206874123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    206874123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    206874123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.103803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.103803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067631                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.029639                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.090292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11264.780454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11264.780454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15114.613826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15114.613826                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13532.493683                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13532.493683                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12341.848927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12341.848927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12341.848927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12341.848927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       758875                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             12131                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.556673                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3620750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3620750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7461492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7461492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3734558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3734558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         6329                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         6329                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11196050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11196050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11196050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11196050                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5991731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5991731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1491288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1491288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7483019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7483019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7483019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7483019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69875143250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69875143250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19316366997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19316366997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89191510247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  89191510247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  89191510247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  89191510247                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019300                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11661.929291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11661.929291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12952.807906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12952.807906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11919.187997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11919.187997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11919.187997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11919.187997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
