
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.756004                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                756004015500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               756005726500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  70486                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    70486                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23297899                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32449.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287232365                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287232365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       748032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               784064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            125376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        47661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       989455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1037116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        47661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              47661                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            165840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 165840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            165840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        47661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       989455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1202957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12251                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1959                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14210                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       784064                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    125376                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 784064                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 125376                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   731                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   859                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   907                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1181                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  555                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  632                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   169                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    56                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    29                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   196                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   427                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   348                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   11                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   66                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   43                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   44                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  144                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    756003805000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12251                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1959                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1626.820144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     358.646407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2814.271519                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            201     36.15%     36.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           50      8.99%     45.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           37      6.65%     51.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           19      3.42%     55.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           15      2.70%     57.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           10      1.80%     59.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.26%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.26%     62.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            7      1.26%     63.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            6      1.08%     64.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.54%     65.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            4      0.72%     65.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            6      1.08%     66.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           10      1.80%     68.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            3      0.54%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           10      1.80%     71.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            3      0.54%     71.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            3      0.54%     72.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            5      0.90%     73.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            4      0.72%     73.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            7      1.26%     75.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.90%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            4      0.72%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.54%     77.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     77.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.90%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            2      0.36%     78.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     78.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     78.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.36%     79.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.18%     79.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     79.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.36%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.18%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.72%     81.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.72%     81.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.36%     82.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     82.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.54%     83.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.18%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.54%     83.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.18%     84.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.18%     84.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            1      0.18%     84.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.36%     85.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.18%     86.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.36%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.18%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.18%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.36%     88.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.36%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55      9.89%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.18%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.36%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13249            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13441            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33639500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 267400750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61240000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   172521250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2746.53                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14085.67                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21832.20                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.04                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.04                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.75                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11895                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1752                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53202238.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1202957                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1959                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26461                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       909440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     909440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 909440                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58131250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77531420                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72517464                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4199050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77255509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76975457                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637499                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           71                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100737789                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15168                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100752957                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441217536                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1538                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441219074                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1541955325                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16706                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1541972031                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217727908                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217728038                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1512008031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218036075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569128509                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77531420                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77241717                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357077254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33129032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      907502282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3400                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217727908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27187                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1511477038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.699747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.121136                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1154399784     76.38%     76.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4473818      0.30%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4241936      0.28%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            28398      0.00%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8694938      0.58%     77.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           539012      0.04%     77.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501994      4.20%     81.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67178415      4.44%     86.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208418743     13.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1511477038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051277                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.699150                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342516232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     786946762                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         133557257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     219599144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28857642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4747333                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           309                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537791286                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28857642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        355409690                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       155752846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     17179086                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341225270                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     613052503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519898600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17681                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     608328248                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967510674                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598935644                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593840145                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5095499                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785087315                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182423359                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1005803747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149953996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470435737                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641455636                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    318615379                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509583520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2389884140                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222346635                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    195486051                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1511477038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.581158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    344316929     22.78%     22.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    420904771     27.85%     50.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    421462577     27.88%     78.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183024322     12.11%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    132562326      8.77%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8828681      0.58%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        62105      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       306706      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8621      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1511477038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14734      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              4      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          194      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             6      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         299276      8.36%      8.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3264180     91.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524095      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717981460     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118513605      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336314      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2228      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       791891      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11642      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262795      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1108965920     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441494190     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2389884140                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.580603                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3578394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001497                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6286837121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728000166                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376531608                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7998598                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4005203                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3999078                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2388939039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3999400                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439502657                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106624308                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3672                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        75762                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41236832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          996                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28857642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        26163807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       5026162                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509868184                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149953996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470435737                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          70539                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       3280224                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        75762                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4197399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4199691                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381297963                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100752959                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8586177                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284438                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1541972052                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72983020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441219093                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.574924                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380583166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380530686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1810904501                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1811895982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.574417                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999453                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222370136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4198754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1482619396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.542881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.286944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    641540145     43.27%     43.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    459879731     31.02%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    136232838      9.19%     83.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8737267      0.59%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       495405      0.03%     84.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62255569      4.20%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     57658106      3.89%     92.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56822639      3.83%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     58997696      3.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1482619396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287505350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287505350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472528593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043329688                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72683706                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3994575                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280895530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      58997696                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3933494001                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5048611561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  427664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  530993                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287228974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287228974                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287228974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.661065                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.661065                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.512710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.512710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386060306                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863173178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2707708                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2675978                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547267                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4371                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8184.038292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5925568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    474.843177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle              182835881500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5563.276360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    42.044008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2578.622988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.075550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.314773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3431952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3431952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2499456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2499456                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       152928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                152928                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3584880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3584880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3584880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3584880                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5928                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12252                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41100750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    356119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       397219750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    378488500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     378488500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41100750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    734607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        775708250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41100750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    734607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       775708250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3437712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             3438276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2499456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2499456                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       158856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            158856                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3596568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3597132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3596568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3597132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.001839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.037317                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.003406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.003406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72873.670213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61826.215278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62811.472170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63847.587719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63847.587719                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72873.670213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62851.428816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.785668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72873.670213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62851.428816                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.785668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1959                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1959                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5928                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34633250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324569250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    310374500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310374500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34633250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    600310500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    634943750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34633250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    600310500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    634943750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.001839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61406.471631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50336.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51323.410816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52357.371795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52357.371795                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61406.471631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51361.267967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51823.681848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61406.471631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51361.267967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51823.681848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   516110444                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            3438276                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3438275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2499456                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           158856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          158856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      9692592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      9693719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    390145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 390181568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             390181568                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5547750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            981750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5397711750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.971568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217730286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          289534.954787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.960118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.011450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217727071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217727071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217727071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217727071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59180500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59180500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217727908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217727908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217727908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217727908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217727908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217727908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70705.495818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70705.495818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70705.495818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70705.495818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70705.495818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70705.495818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          273                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41667250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41667250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41667250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41667250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41667250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41667250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73878.102837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73878.102837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73878.102837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73878.102837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73878.102837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73878.102837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3596482                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           163.997411                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1082750157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3596646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            301.044406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   163.995781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.320307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    655831298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       655831298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    426918069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      426918069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1082749367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1082749367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1082749367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1082749367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5402925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       5402925                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2280759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2280759                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7683684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        7683684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7683684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       7683684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  65589225500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  65589225500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23151972084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23151972084                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88741197584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88741197584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  88741197584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88741197584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661234223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661234223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429198828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429198828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090433051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090433051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090433051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090433051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005314                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12139.577266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12139.577266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10150.994508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10150.994508                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57857.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11549.303379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11549.303379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11549.303379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11549.303379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7093                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.466418                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2499456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2499456                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1960961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1960961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2126158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2126158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4087119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4087119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4087119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4087119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3441964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3441964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3596565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3596565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3596565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3596565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38360758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38360758000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2025079249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2025079249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40385837249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40385837249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40385837249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40385837249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11145.020111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11145.020111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13098.746121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13098.746121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11229.002465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11229.002465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11229.002465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11229.002465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
