
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016875                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16875491500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16877202500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21726                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    21726                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7795613                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2164.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    47030871                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      47030871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       884288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               934144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       288576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            288576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 14596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            4509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 4509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2954344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     52400726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                55355069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2954344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2954344                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          17100302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               17100302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          17100302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2954344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     52400726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               72455371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         14596                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         4509                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          19105                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       934144                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    288576                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 934144                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 288576                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   777                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   740                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   632                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   959                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1212                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1096                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1045                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1083                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1123                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  822                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  812                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  967                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   240                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   144                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   149                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   446                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   370                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  388                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  333                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  191                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  124                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  217                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  381                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16875258500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   14596                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   4509                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      9197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         3723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      328.165458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     143.174258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     908.356887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1746     46.90%     46.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          669     17.97%     64.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          327      8.78%     73.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          188      5.05%     78.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          134      3.60%     82.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          111      2.98%     85.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           69      1.85%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           58      1.56%     88.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           48      1.29%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           51      1.37%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           32      0.86%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           21      0.56%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           20      0.54%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           25      0.67%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           16      0.43%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           18      0.48%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           14      0.38%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           16      0.43%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           13      0.35%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           10      0.27%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            8      0.21%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            5      0.13%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            3      0.08%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           11      0.30%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           10      0.27%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            7      0.19%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.08%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.05%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            4      0.11%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            5      0.13%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            1      0.03%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.05%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.03%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.19%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.11%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.03%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.05%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.05%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.03%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.05%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.03%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.03%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.05%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.05%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.05%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      0.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           3723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      131340500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 386974250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     72965000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   182668750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9000.24                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12517.56                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26517.80                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          55.36                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          17.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  55.36                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  17.10                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.06                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      13163                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      2215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  49.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       883290.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     72455371                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6313                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              4509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8283                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        33701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         33701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1222720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1222720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1222720                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            27588500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           69243750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1266578                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1203671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        80061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       411588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          397789                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.647376                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21391337                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                460                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21391797                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6863146                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2202                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6865348                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             28254483                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2662                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         28257145                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3806372                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3806499                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33750983                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3914826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               52843699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1266578                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       411773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6887002                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          746249                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21753466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3366                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3806372                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33198491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.591750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.166034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26311489     79.26%     79.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           130998      0.39%     79.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           103426      0.31%     79.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33509      0.10%     80.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37759      0.11%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24858      0.07%     80.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13711      0.04%     80.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           294198      0.89%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6248543     18.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33198491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037527                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.565694                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6822055                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      18898986                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3922678                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2915351                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         639420                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46948                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           338                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52466722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1077                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         639420                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7570906                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5303936                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1339531                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5993201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12351496                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51963096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         274489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11850504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     43426192                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      75829151                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     74810732                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1018419                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      39249428                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4176764                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55351                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21620513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22330753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7217202                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13974030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3027386                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           51586453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          249                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          49201368                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         6068                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4523595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3863734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33198491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.482036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7853433     23.66%     23.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11966909     36.05%     59.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6338591     19.09%     78.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4218786     12.71%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2291053      6.90%     98.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       456738      1.38%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        58531      0.18%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13769      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          681      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33198491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             495      0.16%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             11      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         306267     97.96%     98.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5824      1.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22433      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19926302     40.50%     40.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       467528      0.95%     41.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       277299      0.56%     42.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        26038      0.05%     42.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92340      0.19%     42.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20397      0.04%     42.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21578      0.04%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21473121     43.64%     86.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6874332     13.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       49201368                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.457776                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              312637                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006354                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    130641406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55331064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48352817                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1278526                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       806364                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       629153                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       48851752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          639820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8632375                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1924781                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4493                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27372                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       504848                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3035                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         639420                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          151876                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          7440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51630928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22330753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7217202                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1243                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27372                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        24241                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56325                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        80566                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      49091659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21391801                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       109709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44226                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28257149                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1103444                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6865348                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.454525                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               49035648                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48981970                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40653540                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41352566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.451275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983096                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4564669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        79738                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32559071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.445399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.981737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10516703     32.30%     32.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13325921     40.93%     73.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4649434     14.28%     87.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       729181      2.24%     89.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       638221      1.96%     91.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       408208      1.25%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       243547      0.75%     93.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       189544      0.58%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1858312      5.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32559071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     47060842                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       47060842                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27118326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20405972                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1052025                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             575376                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          46666058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13728                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1858312                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             82321096                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103891823                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    6413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  552492                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            47027480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              47027480                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      47027480                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.717686                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.717686                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.393366                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.393366                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         70921393                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        40554161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            627124                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           497253                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11373                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      6720                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7124.286456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15500                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.054781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5820.053806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   329.743941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   853.878195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         89.183122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.427392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.710456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.104233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.869664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3694                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3694                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5534                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    403683750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       458781750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    533754500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     533754500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    937438250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        992536250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    937438250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       992536250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        12729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               13513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11977                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434755                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.467254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.691576                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.572656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.572656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70638.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72946.105891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72661.031042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64439.756127                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64439.756127                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70638.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67846.728668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67995.906693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70638.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67846.728668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67995.906693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4509                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4509                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        13817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    340151250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    386298250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    438558500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438558500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    778709750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    824856750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    778709750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    824856750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434755                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.467254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.691576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.994898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.559257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.572656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59162.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61465.711962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61181.224264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52946.818785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52946.818785                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59162.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56358.815228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56508.649037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59162.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56358.815228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56508.649037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   159470081                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              13513                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13512                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11977                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        65972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        67539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2641024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2691136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2691136                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1365500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          40416000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           486.108991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3808421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3918.128601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.629765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.479226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.788339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3805206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3805206                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3805206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3805206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3805206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3805206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1166                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78992250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78992250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78992250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78992250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78992250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78992250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3806372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3806372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3806372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3806372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3806372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3806372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67746.355060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67746.355060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67746.355060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67746.355060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67746.355060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67746.355060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          784                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55924000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55924000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55924000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71331.632653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71331.632653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71331.632653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71331.632653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71331.632653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71331.632653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24317                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           461.640282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19384460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             24784                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            782.136056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   461.568132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.072150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.901500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.901641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12723299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12723299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6660368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6660368                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19383667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19383667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19383667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19383667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         33969                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51907                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        85876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          85876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        85876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         85876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1276602250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1276602250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2630613849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2630613849                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       249500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       249500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3907216099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3907216099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3907216099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3907216099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12757268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12757268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6712275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6712275                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19469543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19469543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19469543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19469543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37581.390385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37581.390385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50679.365962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50679.365962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35642.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35642.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45498.347606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45498.347606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45498.347606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45498.347606                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       125956                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    74.442080                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        21243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        61173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        61173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        61173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        61173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    488534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    488534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    582740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    582740500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1071274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1071274500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1071274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1071274500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001784                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38388.653151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38388.653151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48654.963680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48654.963680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43366.170101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43366.170101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43366.170101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43366.170101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
