
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.187030                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                187030188500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               187031899000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57863                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12750580                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14668.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31491072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31553728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15739136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15739136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245924                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245924                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       335005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    168374273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               168709278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       335005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             335005                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          84152917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               84152917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          84152917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       335005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    168374273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              252862195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493028                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245924                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738952                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31553728                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15739136                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31553728                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15739136                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        8                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30895                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30899                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30918                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15422                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    187030158500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493028                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245924                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        36378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1298.604651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     621.377033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1943.098100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4182     11.50%     11.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3490      9.59%     21.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          581      1.60%     22.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          686      1.89%     24.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          521      1.43%     26.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          606      1.67%     27.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1902      5.23%     32.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         3293      9.05%     41.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          382      1.05%     43.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          396      1.09%     44.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          338      0.93%     45.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          377      1.04%     46.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          319      0.88%     46.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          454      1.25%     48.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         4522     12.43%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         2552      7.02%     67.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          310      0.85%     68.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          309      0.85%     69.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          331      0.91%     70.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          312      0.86%     71.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          323      0.89%     71.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          490      1.35%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         6364     17.49%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           97      0.27%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           35      0.10%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           20      0.05%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           31      0.09%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            9      0.02%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           14      0.04%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.05%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           50      0.14%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           46      0.13%     91.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           40      0.11%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.02%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.02%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.02%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.02%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            9      0.02%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.02%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.02%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            8      0.02%     91.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            8      0.02%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           13      0.04%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.03%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            9      0.02%     92.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           19      0.05%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.01%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            5      0.01%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.01%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            8      0.02%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            7      0.02%     92.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.02%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            4      0.01%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.00%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.01%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            5      0.01%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.01%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.02%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            3      0.01%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.01%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.02%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            8      0.02%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           25      0.07%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           21      0.06%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           34      0.09%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           10      0.03%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.02%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.02%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           12      0.03%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           20      0.05%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           10      0.03%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.02%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            8      0.02%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.02%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.02%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.02%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            7      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            9      0.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.02%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.01%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.01%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.01%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.01%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.01%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            7      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            8      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            8      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           11      0.03%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            8      0.02%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           32      0.09%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           46      0.13%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.01%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            8      0.02%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.01%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            8      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.01%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.01%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            7      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            6      0.02%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            9      0.02%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           13      0.04%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            9      0.02%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           10      0.03%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            7      0.02%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           12      0.03%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            9      0.02%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            6      0.02%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.01%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.01%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.01%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           15      0.04%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745           10      0.03%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           13      0.04%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.01%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           16      0.04%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           16      0.04%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           13      0.04%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           19      0.05%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2176      5.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          36378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      343822750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10017332750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2465100000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7208410000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         697.38                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14620.93                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20318.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         168.71                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          84.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 168.71                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  84.15                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.51                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471110                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231448                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       253101.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    252861853                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247027                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245924                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            246001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           246001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47292800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47292800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47292800                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353172000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338682250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28923587                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     10001695                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13792                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18375588                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18371375                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.977073                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9452888                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          109                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242284503                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4507                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242289010                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81091254                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2327                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81093581                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323375757                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6834                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323382591                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77422630                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               104                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77422734                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                374060377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77466796                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878509870                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28923587                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27824263                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128308354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          171395                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      136295887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1557                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77422630                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7873                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    342210670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.567161                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.567048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        213902316     62.51%     62.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4474498      1.31%     63.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510909      2.49%     66.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4221186      1.23%     67.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5092906      1.49%     69.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643236      0.77%     69.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6236587      1.82%     71.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689586      1.08%     72.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93439446     27.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    342210670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.348578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105503899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     108274691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105178813                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      23115774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         137492                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9465312                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           485                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878409470                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1551                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         137492                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112688142                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        48203240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       374386                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         120951361                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      59856048                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878268400                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            35                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          70830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54949499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749289802                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228635552                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855159248                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373476304                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          1001914                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5812                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         177234910                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242365443                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81145234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35812537                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3059424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849757671                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6874                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849334346                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        12201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       997469                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       803669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          112                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    342210670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.481905                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.588349                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     37855214     11.06%     11.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62868120     18.37%     29.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     81892240     23.93%     53.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     68903789     20.13%     73.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50441975     14.74%     88.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     29380849      8.59%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9155592      2.68%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1338446      0.39%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       374445      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    342210670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           91007      0.85%      0.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          3457      0.03%      0.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1325411     12.43%     13.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       704500      6.61%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     19.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4015479     37.66%     57.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4522125     42.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299349645     35.25%     35.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887532      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127962243     15.07%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48251993      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320071      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147010      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242317895     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81097561      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849334346                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.270581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10661979                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012553                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1525037321                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588403555                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    587006031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526516221                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262372636                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262229496                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595720009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264275923                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32600173                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       314911                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          751                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14287                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98319                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3031                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         137492                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        14164420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        989101                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878109764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7763                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242365443                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81145234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3721                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         127535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         70131                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        14287                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4174                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14455                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849287216                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242289017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        47130                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28345219                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323382600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28896058                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81093583                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.270455                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849258442                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849235527                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         722919676                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816555972                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.270317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.885328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       932167                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    342073178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.564044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.278253                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    137691212     40.25%     40.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     86944278     25.42%     65.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11400857      3.33%     69.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5958912      1.74%     70.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5609247      1.64%     72.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3718691      1.09%     73.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5841311      1.71%     75.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5879715      1.72%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     79028955     23.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    342073178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      79028955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1141012992                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756183718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  503858                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31849707                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.440715                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.440715                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.269039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.269039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949675805                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502220993                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277942509                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246495337                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396962                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485139                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8110.847941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      798407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.618482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5597.315308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.776303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2504.771942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.781377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.203011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.683266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.305758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.990094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       443839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  443913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           601360                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                601360                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       235274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                235274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        679113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   679187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       679113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  679187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              246001                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492049                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67993250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15061718250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15129711500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15341706250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15341706250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67993250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30403424500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30471417750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67993250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30403424500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30471417750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       689887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              690940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       601360                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            601360                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       481275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            481275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1171162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1172215                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1171162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1172215                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.357523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.511144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.511144                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.420595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.420595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69451.736466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61214.552648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61247.197675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62364.406039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62364.406039                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69451.736466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61789.424427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61804.639392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69451.736466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61789.424427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61804.639392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245924                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245924                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         246001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56749750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12234548750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12291298500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12516702750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12516702750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56749750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24751251500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24808001250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56749750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24751251500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24808001250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.356650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.357523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.511144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.511144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.420595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.420137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.420595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57967.058223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49724.235718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49756.903092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50880.698656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50880.698656                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57967.058223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50302.411955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50317.631554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57967.058223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50302.411955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50317.631554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   606900271                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             690940                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            690938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           601360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           481275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          481275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2943682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2945788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    113441280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 113508672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             113508672                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1488147500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1816750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1876567250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.824670                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77424368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62641.074434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.520118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.304553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77421167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77421167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77421167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77421167                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96607499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     96607499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96607499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     96607499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     96607499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     96607499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77422630                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77422630                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77422630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77422630                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.833903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66033.833903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.833903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66033.833903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.833903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66033.833903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          410                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69797250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69797250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69797250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69797250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69797250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69797250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66284.188034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66284.188034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66284.188034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66284.188034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66284.188034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66284.188034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1171069                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           170.983051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           286563065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1171240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            244.666392                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   170.969166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.013885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.333924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.333951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    207118231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       207118231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79439621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79439621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    286557852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        286557852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    286557852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       286557852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2560607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2560607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1604167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1604167                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4164774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        4164774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4164774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       4164774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69814620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  69814620500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  53433782817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  53433782817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21687250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21687250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123248403317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 123248403317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 123248403317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 123248403317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209678838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209678838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290722626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290722626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290722626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290722626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.012212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493448                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27264.871376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27264.871376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33309.364185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33309.364185                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14046.146373                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14046.146373                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29593.059147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29593.059147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29593.059147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29593.059147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1695                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.053687                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       601360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            601360                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1870037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1870037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1123577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1123577                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2993614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2993614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2993614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2993614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       690570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       690570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       480590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       480590                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1171160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1171160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1171160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1171160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20225261750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20225261750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18185610249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18185610249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       341500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       341500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38410871999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38410871999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38410871999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38410871999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29287.779298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29287.779298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37840.176136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37840.176136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       170750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       170750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32797.288158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32797.288158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32797.288158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32797.288158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
