
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.225351                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                225351449500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               225353160500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35673                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11650908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19341.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689988301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689988301                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       154212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       903975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1058187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       154212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             154212                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2840                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       154212                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       903975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1061027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3726                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3736                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       238464                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 238464                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    225351170000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3726                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1358.265060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     247.962356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2662.494884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             83     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           10      6.02%     56.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.61%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            8      4.82%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.41%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.61%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.81%     72.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.81%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.81%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.60%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.41%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.60%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.60%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.60%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.60%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      1.20%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.81%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.60%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.60%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.60%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.60%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.60%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.60%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.60%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.60%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        7172000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  78849500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18630000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53047500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        1924.85                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14237.12                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21161.97                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.06                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.06                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3560                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     60318835.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1061027                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 239104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23400620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21882360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1267784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23312566                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23224701                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623100                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           82506                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            332020879                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                200                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        332021079                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133082714                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133084135                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465103593                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1621                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465105214                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65687760                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65687888                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                450702899                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65789226                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              775044703                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23400620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23307207                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107730039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9994313                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      268310811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65687760                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8866                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    450537988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.720265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.134252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        342807949     76.09%     76.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1351428      0.30%     76.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1284777      0.29%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            12849      0.00%     76.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2626557      0.58%     77.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           164411      0.04%     77.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152148      4.25%     81.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20258949      4.50%     86.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62878920     13.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    450537988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.051920                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.719635                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        103298083                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     231990377                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40537574                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      66007829                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8704124                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1435408                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765576180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1005                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8704124                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        107066684                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        43072126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5185178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         102922493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     183587382                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      760167562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11992                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     182137214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593547565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085675274                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1084066019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1609255                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538526545                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         55021020                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       317962                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         302158878                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346840264                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141872240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193420142                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95563119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          757027074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         721008124                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2994                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     67038999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58842422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           49                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    450537988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.600327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     99488411     22.08%     22.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    125267136     27.80%     49.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    127466612     28.29%     78.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55465088     12.31%     90.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     40033909      8.89%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2713259      0.60%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17433      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        83149      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2991      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    450537988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4365      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              3      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          193      0.02%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            10      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          89833      8.31%      8.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        987050     91.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158001      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216663492     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35743457      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421005      0.06%     35.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242729      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11616      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79745      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334518011     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133167847     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      721008124                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.599741                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1081454                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001500                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1891137228                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822834989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    716934868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2501456                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1253754                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1250514                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720680746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1250831                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132552489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32146083                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1226                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        22667                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12423704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8704124                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5345016                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1028711                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    757118766                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3176                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346840264                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141872240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        806464                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        22667                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1266220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1538                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1267758                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718407767                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     332021083                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2600357                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91466                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465105220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22024822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133084137                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.593972                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718197725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718185382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546484420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546812864                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.593479                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999399                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     67044406                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1267471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    441833864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.561840                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.297602                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188673581     42.70%     42.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    138441146     31.33%     74.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40652596      9.20%     83.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2658889      0.60%     83.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12098      0.00%     83.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18924334      4.28%     88.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17553553      3.97%     92.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16981866      3.84%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     17935801      4.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    441833864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    690073855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      690073855                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444142717                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314694181                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21933487                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1248870                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         688045921                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      17935801                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1181014816                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522941576                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  112632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  164911                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689984910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689984910                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689984910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.653207                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.653207                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.530909                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.530909                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021492406                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       562089343                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874320                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845359                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181103                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79153                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3690.774570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1444067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    364.019914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2188.511283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   387.753333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   878.509738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.267152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.047333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.450534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       698792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  698849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           746973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                746973                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        46973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 46973                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        745765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   745822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       745765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  745822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35612250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85160750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       120773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112689500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     112689500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35612250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197850250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        233462500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35612250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    197850250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       233462500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       700184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              700785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       746973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            746973                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             48764                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       748948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               749549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       748948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              749549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.002763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.036728                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.694853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61178.699713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62382.747934                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62919.877164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62919.877164                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.694853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62158.419730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62640.863966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65463.694853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62158.419730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62640.863966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29370750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69160250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98531000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92099500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92099500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29370750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161259750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190630500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29370750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    161259750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190630500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.002763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53990.349265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49684.087644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50894.111570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51423.506421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51423.506421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53990.349265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50662.818096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.510867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53990.349265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50662.818096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51148.510867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   425013215                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             700785                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            700784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           746973                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            48764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           48764                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2244869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      2246070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        38400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     95738944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  95777344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              95777344                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1495234000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1034749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1124206500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           462.881729                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65690116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          83257.434728                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   346.808627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   116.073101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.677361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.226705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65686901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65686901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65686901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65686901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65686901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65686901                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50590249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50590249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50590249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50590249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50590249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50590249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65687760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65687760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65687760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65687760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65687760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65687760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58894.352736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58894.352736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58894.352736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58894.352736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58894.352736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58894.352736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36787751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36787751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36787751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36787751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36787751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36787751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61210.900166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61210.900166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61210.900166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61210.900166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61210.900166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61210.900166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            748807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           218.981858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           327979777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            749026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            437.875023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   218.976560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.427689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.427699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    198661022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       198661022                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    129317966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      129317966                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           70                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    327978988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        327978988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    327978988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       327978988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       806254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        806254                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       130493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       130493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       936747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         936747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       936747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        936747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10659296750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10659296750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1901333766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1901333766                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       197250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       197250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12560630516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12560630516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12560630516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12560630516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199467276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199467276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129448459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129448459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328915735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328915735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328915735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328915735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113924                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.113924                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13220.767587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13220.767587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14570.388956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14570.388956                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13408.775812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13408.775812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13408.775812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13408.775812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.186224                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       746973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            746973                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       105708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       105708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        82096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        82096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       187804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       187804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       700546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       700546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        48397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        48397                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       748943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       748943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       748943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       748943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7846874750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7846874750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    627638499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627638499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        55000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        55000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8474513249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474513249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8474513249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474513249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000374                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063291                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063291                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11201.084226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11201.084226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12968.541418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12968.541418                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11315.298025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11315.298025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11315.298025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11315.298025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
