
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041693                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41693493500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41695204500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27551                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9906170                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4208.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2771008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2820544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1279360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1279360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           19990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                19990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1188099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66461401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                67649500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1188099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1188099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30684884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30684884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30684884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1188099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66461401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98334384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44071                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        19990                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64061                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2820544                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1279360                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2820544                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1279360                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  2947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2789                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2855                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2957                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2704                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2658                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2683                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2640                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1218                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1220                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1267                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1244                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41693214500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44071                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  19990                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      3914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      421.349804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     164.028754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1002.127070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4471     46.03%     46.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1452     14.95%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          733      7.55%     68.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          560      5.76%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          341      3.51%     77.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          233      2.40%     80.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          161      1.66%     81.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          160      1.65%     83.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          107      1.10%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           88      0.91%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           57      0.59%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           93      0.96%     87.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           63      0.65%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           61      0.63%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           41      0.42%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           81      0.83%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           35      0.36%     89.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           29      0.30%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           33      0.34%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           99      1.02%     91.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           33      0.34%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           22      0.23%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          179      1.84%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          192      1.98%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           12      0.12%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           12      0.12%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           22      0.23%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.12%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.11%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           19      0.20%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           12      0.12%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           17      0.18%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           13      0.13%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.11%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.07%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.03%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            7      0.07%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.03%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.03%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.08%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.05%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            7      0.07%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            6      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.04%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.04%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.05%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.04%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            6      0.06%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.01%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            5      0.05%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            7      0.07%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.03%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.04%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.04%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            6      0.06%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.07%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.07%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.04%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.04%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.04%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      600191500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1349374000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220330000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   528852500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13620.29                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12001.37                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30621.66                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          67.65                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  67.65                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.68                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40173                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14166                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       650836.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     98334384                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22916                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             19990                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21155                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4099904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4099904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4099904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           111990500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209048500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2655445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2570849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       185072                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1208835                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1198840                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.173171                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           78                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53323402                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1054                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53324456                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16965331                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4340                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16969671                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70288733                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5394                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70294127                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9563494                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9563624                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 83386987                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9793595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              129995774                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2655445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1215404                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17041398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1808172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       52635182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9563494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     81036677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.604160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.171861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63995279     78.97%     78.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           401484      0.50%     79.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           289473      0.36%     79.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            74806      0.09%     79.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            71133      0.09%     80.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            43404      0.05%     80.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22401      0.03%     80.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           954608      1.18%     81.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15184089     18.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     81036677                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031845                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.558946                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         16940866                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      45610150                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9604339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7318630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1562691                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      129074627                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1562691                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18673395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13256129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1878913                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14933133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30732415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      128013459                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         443672                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29643036                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107380925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     186902272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185534947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1367325                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10221421                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53695536                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55696427                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17848305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35557751                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7902651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127174388                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          251                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121309793                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13777                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11157224                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9433683                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           61                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     81036677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.496974                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18607027     22.96%     22.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29369307     36.24%     59.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15414393     19.02%     78.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10857610     13.40%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5540840      6.84%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1127601      1.39%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       102263      0.13%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        17161      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          475      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     81036677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             392      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             11      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         656572     97.65%     97.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         15333      2.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49101084     40.48%     40.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1101133      0.91%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       364171      0.30%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34136      0.03%     41.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122401      0.10%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26217      0.02%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28007      0.02%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53512289     44.11%     85.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16992852     14.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121309793                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.454781                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              672348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005542                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    322670258                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137281459                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120006005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1672130                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1112944                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       819653                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121117960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          836678                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21693646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4764258                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10877                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        63079                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1281206                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7484                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1562691                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          480552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         25555                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127262983                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5211                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55696427                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17848305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          160                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1633                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        63079                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64960                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121107                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       186067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121065524                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53324458                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       244269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88344                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70294129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2316672                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16969671                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.451852                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              120954302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120825658                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100794622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101852219                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.448975                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989616                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11222326                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       184758                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79473986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.459895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.012021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25380312     31.94%     31.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32676162     41.12%     73.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11610838     14.61%     87.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1912133      2.41%     90.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1260659      1.59%     91.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       857234      1.08%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       382061      0.48%     93.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       388436      0.49%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5006151      6.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79473986                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5006151                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            201700193                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           256057862                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   25420                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2350310                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.719142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.719142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.390546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.390546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175727927                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       100990252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817672                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           650913                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36167                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8144.325419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        6361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.143826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               39369722750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5662.349658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   112.756169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2368.166682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.839158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.213751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.691205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.289083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4089                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23287                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23287                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1855                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 22917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21155                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44072                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52219750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1516458250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1568678000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1610008500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1610008500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52219750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3126466750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3178686500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52219750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3126466750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3178686500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               27006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             23010                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                50016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               50016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.848589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.919383                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.881158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.881158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67380.322581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68487.862433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68450.407994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76105.341527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76105.341527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67380.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72209.777814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.852514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67380.322581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72209.777814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72124.852514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                19990                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     19990                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            22917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43327250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1262138750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305466000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1366981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1366981500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43327250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629120250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672447500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43327250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629120250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2672447500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.844116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.848589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.881158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.879288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.881158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55906.129032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57002.021046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56964.960510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64617.419050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64617.419050                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55906.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60722.919602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60638.217009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55906.129032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60722.919602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60638.217009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   112519427                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              27006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             27005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            23287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23010                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       121769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       123318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4641792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   4691328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4691328                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           59938500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1350250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          84398500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.280218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9565545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9933.068536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.858446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.421772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9562330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9562330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9562330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9562330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9562330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9562330                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76201750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76201750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76201750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76201750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76201750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76201750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9563494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9563494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9563494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9563494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65465.420962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65465.420962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65465.420962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65465.420962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65465.420962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65465.420962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52997750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52997750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68384.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68384.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68384.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68384.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68384.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68384.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             48884                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           434.501287                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            47966602                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             49319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            972.578560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   434.471733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.029554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.848578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.848635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31541175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31541175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16424634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16424634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47965809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         47965809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47965809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        47965809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        85684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         85684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       228070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         228070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       228070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        228070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5078688250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5078688250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9114151593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9114151593                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14192839843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14192839843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14192839843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14192839843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31626859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31626859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48193879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48193879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48193879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48193879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59272.305798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59272.305798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64010.166681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64010.166681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62230.191796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62230.191796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62230.191796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62230.191796                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       530405                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4941                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   107.347703                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             23287                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        59456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        59456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       119376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       119376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       178832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       178832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       178832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       178832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        49238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        49238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1583513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1583513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1651612750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1651612750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3235125750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235125750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3235125750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3235125750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60374.904682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60374.904682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71778.042156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71778.042156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65703.841545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65703.841545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65703.841545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65703.841545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
