
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.018037                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18037295500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                18039006500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  19788                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    19788                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7746173                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2328.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    46076114                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      46076114                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       727808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               777280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       195584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            195584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            3056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 3056                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2742762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     40350173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                43092935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2742762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2742762                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          10843311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               10843311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          10843311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2742762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     40350173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53936246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12145                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         3056                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          15201                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       777280                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    195584                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 777280                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 195584                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        3                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   654                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   830                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   653                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   687                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   476                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1051                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   895                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1015                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  587                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   151                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   225                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   184                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    91                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    57                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   198                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   345                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   210                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  330                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  137                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   53                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  105                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  275                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     18037071000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12145                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   3056                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         2145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      451.669930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     166.589348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1174.360068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            952     44.38%     44.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          337     15.71%     60.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          173      8.07%     68.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          115      5.36%     73.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           80      3.73%     77.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           56      2.61%     79.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           45      2.10%     81.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           32      1.49%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           26      1.21%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           31      1.45%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           26      1.21%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           23      1.07%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           15      0.70%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           25      1.17%     90.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            7      0.33%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           16      0.75%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            7      0.33%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           11      0.51%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           16      0.75%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           14      0.65%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           13      0.61%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           11      0.51%     94.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           10      0.47%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            7      0.33%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.05%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.14%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.05%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            3      0.14%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.23%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            3      0.14%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.14%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.05%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            2      0.09%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.09%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            2      0.09%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.14%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.19%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.09%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.05%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.09%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.05%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            4      0.19%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.05%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.14%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.05%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.05%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.09%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.09%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.05%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.05%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.05%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.05%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.05%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.09%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      1.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           2145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       97022250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 296139750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     60710000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   138407500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        7990.63                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11399.07                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24389.70                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          43.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          10.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  43.09                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  10.84                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.36                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11208                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1825                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   92.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  59.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1186571.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     53936246                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              3056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              7891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             7891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        27346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         27346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       972864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     972864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 972864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            19824500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57622750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1210873                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1148151                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        77419                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       402619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          389422                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     96.722211                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           14006                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21044857                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                422                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21045279                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6832891                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2211                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6835102                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27877748                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2633                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         27880381                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3736491                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               126                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3736617                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 36074591                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3845877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               51887466                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1210873                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       403428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6762043                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          751926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       24229048                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          112                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3346                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3736491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         11964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     35485481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.462217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.065665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         28723438     80.94%     80.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           129965      0.37%     81.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            99526      0.28%     81.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33548      0.09%     81.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37047      0.10%     81.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24771      0.07%     81.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13956      0.04%     81.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           283814      0.80%     82.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6139416     17.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     35485481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.438338                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6721769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      21405680                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3927572                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2785729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         644730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46689                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           333                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51511869                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1041                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         644730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7529348                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         7165195                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1362039                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5799896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12984272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51009460                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         310363                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12438708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     42547323                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      74472067                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     73451540                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1020527                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      38374443                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4172880                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55401                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          22243674                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22009638                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7196872                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13994021                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3285870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50647988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          256                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          48214740                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5390                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4542318                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3920049                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     35485481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.358717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.241338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      9739489     27.45%     27.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13012666     36.67%     64.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6147523     17.32%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3978698     11.21%     92.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2140037      6.03%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       406995      1.15%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        45464      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13845      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          764      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     35485481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             643      0.22%      0.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            184      0.06%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         286221     96.21%     96.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         10412      3.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22405      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      19375469     40.19%     40.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       417558      0.87%     41.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276740      0.57%     41.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        26046      0.05%     41.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        91462      0.19%     41.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20458      0.04%     41.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21725      0.05%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21118911     43.80%     85.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6843966     14.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       48214740                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.336529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              297500                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    130941876                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     54412461                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47377209                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1275975                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       809004                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       627656                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       47851323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          638512                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8365396                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1943028                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31183                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       516606                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         2329                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         644730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1109698                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         97264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     50692566                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22009638                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7196872                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          21039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         27883                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        31183                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        22698                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        55045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        77743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      48112766                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21045283                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       101974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44322                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27880385                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1053772                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6835102                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.333702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               48060294                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              48004865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39745796                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          40432295                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.330711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4581597                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        77101                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     34840751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.323337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.892717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12499059     35.87%     35.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13867802     39.80%     75.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4587839     13.17%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       766601      2.20%     91.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       592493      1.70%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       406533      1.17%     93.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       203162      0.58%     94.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       196917      0.57%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1720345      4.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     34840751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     46106071                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       46106071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               26746876                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20066610                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1004355                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             574154                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          45712550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13714                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1720345                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             83802965                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           102021541                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   44615                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  589110                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            46072723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              46072723                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      46072723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.782992                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.782992                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.277152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.277152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         69526332                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        39660265                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            626379                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           495911                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11359                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4415                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7207.033914                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12416                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     12.715851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5978.164771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.573354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   773.824614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         88.484460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.986716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.729756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.879765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        94641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   94655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            71090                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 71090                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20853                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 20853                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        115494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   115508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       115494                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  115508                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         3481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                7891                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56175500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    238331500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       294507000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    505530250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     505530250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56175500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    743861750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        800037250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56175500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    743861750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       800037250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        98122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               98910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        71090                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             71090                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        28744                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28744                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       126866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               127654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       126866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              127654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.043019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.274527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.095148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.095148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72578.165375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68466.388969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69214.336075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64064.155367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64064.155367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72578.165375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65411.690995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65868.372304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72578.165375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65411.690995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65868.372304                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3056                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           7891                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47296500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    198358500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245655000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    414846750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414846750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47296500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    613205250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660501750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     47296500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    613205250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660501750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.043019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.274527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.095148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.095148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61106.589147                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56983.194484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57733.254994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52572.139146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52572.139146                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61106.589147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53922.375132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54380.186893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61106.589147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53922.375132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54380.186893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   705180663                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              98910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             98909                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            71090                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            28744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           28744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       324822                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       326397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     12669184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  12719552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              12719552                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          170462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1368500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         193076250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           485.884983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3738537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3830.468238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.112742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.772240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.787330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.161665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3735322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3735322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3735322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3735322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3735322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3735322                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1168                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79986500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79986500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79986500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     79986500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79986500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3736490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3736490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3736490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3736490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3736490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3736490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68481.592466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68481.592466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68481.592466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68481.592466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68481.592466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68481.592466                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57105000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57105000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57105000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72468.274112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72468.274112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72468.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72468.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72468.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72468.274112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            126786                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           157.912566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19088092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            126944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            150.366240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   157.847040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.065526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.308295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.308423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12504238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12504238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6583062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6583062                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19087300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19087300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19087300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19087300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       174294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        174294                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        97125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        97125                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       271419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         271419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       271419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        271419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2633515750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2633515750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3016158532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3016158532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       340750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5649674282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5649674282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5649674282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5649674282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12678532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12678532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6680187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6680187                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19358719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19358719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19358719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19358719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15109.617944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15109.617944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31054.399300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31054.399300                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42593.750000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20815.323474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20815.323474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20815.323474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20815.323474                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       122546                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1674                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    73.205496                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        71090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             71090                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        75845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        75845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        68712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       144557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       144557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       144557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       144557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        98449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        98449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       126862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       126862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       126862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       126862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1288107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    739761000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    739761000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       121750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2027868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2027868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2027868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004253                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004253                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13084.002885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13084.002885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26036.004646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26036.004646                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30437.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15984.833914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15984.833914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15984.833914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15984.833914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
