
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.150268                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                150267824500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               150269535500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  32484                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    32484                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                8555848                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 749620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17563.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   570525188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     570525188                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4716800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4776896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2122880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2122880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 74639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           33170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                33170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       399926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     31389288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                31789214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       399926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             399926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          14127309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               14127309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          14127309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       399926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     31389288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               45916523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         74639                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        33170                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         107809                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      4776896                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2122880                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                4776896                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2122880                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4600                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4642                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4698                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  4869                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  4716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4672                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4412                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  4531                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4611                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 4762                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4733                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 4725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 4686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4667                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2078                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2074                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2099                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2105                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2077                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1977                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1980                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2053                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1984                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2068                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2102                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2096                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2115                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2119                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    150267538000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   74639                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  33170                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     55669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8701                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      552.173648                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     210.438562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1180.559180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4383     35.11%     35.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1879     15.05%     50.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1178      9.44%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          867      6.94%     66.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          517      4.14%     70.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          373      2.99%     73.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          297      2.38%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          300      2.40%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          241      1.93%     80.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          159      1.27%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          144      1.15%     82.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          167      1.34%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           82      0.66%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           80      0.64%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           88      0.70%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           94      0.75%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           76      0.61%     87.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           69      0.55%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           72      0.58%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          147      1.18%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           63      0.50%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           45      0.36%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          199      1.59%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          197      1.58%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           27      0.22%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      0.24%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      0.17%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           20      0.16%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.10%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           15      0.12%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.08%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           13      0.10%     95.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.10%     95.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           14      0.11%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.10%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           14      0.11%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.05%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            6      0.05%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           14      0.11%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            9      0.07%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            9      0.07%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.06%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           10      0.08%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            6      0.05%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            6      0.05%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.06%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           17      0.14%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.02%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            8      0.06%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            8      0.06%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            7      0.06%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            3      0.02%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           10      0.08%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            4      0.03%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            7      0.06%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.05%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           16      0.13%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            7      0.06%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.05%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            7      0.06%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           10      0.08%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.02%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            8      0.06%     97.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            3      0.02%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           14      0.11%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.04%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            6      0.05%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.07%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           16      0.13%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.04%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            6      0.05%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            8      0.06%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           13      0.10%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            4      0.03%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           10      0.08%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.04%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            4      0.03%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            6      0.05%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            3      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           10      0.08%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.03%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.02%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            3      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            7      0.06%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            5      0.04%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            4      0.03%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.05%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            4      0.03%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            4      0.03%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            4      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            3      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.04%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.06%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            4      0.03%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            9      0.07%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            5      0.04%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          105      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      666198250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1952045750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    373150000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   912697500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8926.68                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12229.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26156.31                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          31.79                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          14.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  31.79                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  14.13                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     25547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  77.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1393831.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     45916523                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             33170                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             35320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            35320                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       182448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        182448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      6899776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    6899776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                6899776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           186584500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          353953750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        56544605                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     45812651                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       617813                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     36627562                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        36371813                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.301758                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         2892343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         3990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            186840120                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1019                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        186841139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            78104680                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4761                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        78109441                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            264944800                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5780                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        264950580                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65131970                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               157                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65132127                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               105679                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300537218                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65644504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              612612836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            56544605                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     39264156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             102580980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         4817043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      124600564                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           90                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3991                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65131970                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        165134                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296868371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.063584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.175300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        194287391     65.45%     65.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6346608      2.14%     67.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          6545346      2.20%     69.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          9685029      3.26%     73.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          7276690      2.45%     75.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          9232789      3.11%     78.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6685021      2.25%     80.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          5736358      1.93%     82.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         51073139     17.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296868371                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.188145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.038393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         80992187                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     109666902                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          88726257                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      13454375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        4028649                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      6244799                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          9607                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      610021245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1152                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        4028649                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         87212936                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30857677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     18423410                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          95683848                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      60661850                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      606808354                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       17614581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      39355715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    468773989                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     862341178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    856978339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5362839                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     442552452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         26221537                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1276691                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       317125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         113883395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    189657711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     79501662                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     74491363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     19928411                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          598134112                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       528530                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         587203413                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        94645                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     27777700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19864967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           66                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296868371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.977993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.661187                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     62762369     21.14%     21.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     71605748     24.12%     45.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     65164394     21.95%     67.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     44552802     15.01%     82.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     27506174      9.27%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14054507      4.73%     96.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      7379587      2.49%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      3706602      1.25%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136188      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296868371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          107685      2.03%      2.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            565      0.01%      2.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd           385      0.01%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             3      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           57      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4431525     83.58%     85.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        761803     14.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       105661      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     313127174     53.33%     53.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      6458934      1.10%     54.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     54.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       991256      0.17%     54.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       279933      0.05%     54.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       234373      0.04%     54.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        55332      0.01%     54.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        58791      0.01%     54.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        51265      0.01%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     54.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    187652213     31.96%     86.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     78188481     13.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      587203413                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.953846                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             5302023                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009029                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1470152335                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    622941356                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    582056304                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      6519530                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3680720                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3185382                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      589078883                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3320892                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     53977035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      9605279                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        62993                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       186910                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2810867                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       228158                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5694                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        4028649                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         3129874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        489059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    603055066                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        52937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     189657711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     79501662                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       317124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          80589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       186910                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       459197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       164690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       623887                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     586340738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     186841141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               4392424                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            264950582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         54733777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           78109441                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.950975                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              585588882                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             585241686                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         417050834                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         464034493                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.947319                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.898750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     28440213                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       528464                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       608223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    292839722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.962874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.501468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     81702544     27.90%     27.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    115984977     39.61%     67.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     30463705     10.40%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12118422      4.14%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      7814603      2.67%     84.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5627224      1.92%     86.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3528546      1.20%     87.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3823701      1.31%     89.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     31776000     10.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    292839722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    574807368                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      574807368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              256743227                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             180052432                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              211391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           53898796                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            2948214                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         563540101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      2852065                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      31776000                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            864298823                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1210533579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   97481                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3668847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             570521797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     570521797                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.526776                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.526776                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.898340                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.898340                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        833842267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       453825704                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           3365512                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1803069                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         1272225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         422784                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     66728                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8125.016373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      113764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     74788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.521153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1776.914338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    63.725639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6284.070603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.240655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.065139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.216908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.007779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.767098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        61729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   61732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            87693                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 87693                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        33659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 33659                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         95388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    95391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        95388                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   95391                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        38380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 39320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        35320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               35320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        73700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  74640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        73700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 74640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64368250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2439158750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2503527000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2546629250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2546629250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64368250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4985788000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5050156250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64368250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4985788000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5050156250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       100109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              101052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        87693                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             87693                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        68979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             68979                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       169088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               170031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       169088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              170031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.389107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.512040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.512040                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.438979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.438979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.861702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63552.859562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63670.574771                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72101.620895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72101.620895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.861702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67649.769335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67660.185557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68476.861702                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67649.769335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67660.185557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                33170                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     33170                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        38380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            39320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        35320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          35320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             74640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            74640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53579750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1998431250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2052011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2140959750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2140959750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53579750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4139391000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4192970750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53579750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4139391000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4192970750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.383382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.512040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.512040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.438979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.438979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56999.734043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52069.600052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52187.461851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60616.074462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60616.074462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56999.734043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56165.413840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56175.921088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56999.734043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56165.413840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56175.921088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   109765827                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             101052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            101051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            87693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            68979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           68979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       425869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       427754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     16433984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  16494272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              16494272                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          216555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1642750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         271471500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           501.072785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65133697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          57589.475685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      150266031750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   452.812542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    48.260243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.884399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.094258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65130482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65130482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65130482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65130482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65130482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65130482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97921250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97921250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97921250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97921250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97921250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97921250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65131970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65131970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65131970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65131970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65131970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65131970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65807.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65807.291667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65807.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65807.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65807.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65807.291667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          545                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65343750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65343750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65343750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65343750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65343750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65343750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69293.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69293.478261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69293.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69293.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69293.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69293.478261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            168654                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.771230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           208815368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            169166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           1234.381424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         185020250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.763030                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.008200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    132166467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       132166467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     76225541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       76225541                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       211327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    208392008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        208392008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    208392008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       208392008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       256774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        256774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       253863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       253863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       510637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         510637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       510637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        510637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7163955750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7163955750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13099681374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13099681374                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1083250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1083250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20263637124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20263637124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20263637124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20263637124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    132423241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    132423241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     76479404                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211392                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       211391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    208902645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    208902645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    208902645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    208902645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003319                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000307                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27899.848700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27899.848700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51601.380957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51601.380957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16665.384615                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16665.384615                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39683.056896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39683.056896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39683.056896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39683.056896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       654000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5466                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   119.648738                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        87693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             87693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       156646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       184906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       184906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           62                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       341552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       341552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       341552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       341552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       100128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        68957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        68957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       169085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       169085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       169085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       169085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3157949750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3157949750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2952725248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2952725248                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6110674998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110674998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6110674998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6110674998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31539.127417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31539.127417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42819.804342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42819.804342                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36139.663471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36139.663471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36139.663471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36139.663471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
