
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17402941000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                17404652000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21312                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    21312                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7645833                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2276.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    48509055                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      48509055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        50496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       926464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               976960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        50496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           50496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       311424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            311424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 15265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            4866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 4866                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2901579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     53236059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                56137638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2901579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2901579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          17894906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               17894906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          17894906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2901579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     53236059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               74032544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         15265                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         4866                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          20131                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       976960                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    311424                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 976960                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 311424                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   963                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   787                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   794                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   675                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  1008                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1273                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1192                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1047                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1103                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1151                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  847                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  722                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  881                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1083                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   277                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   271                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   153                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   365                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   481                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   398                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   376                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  134                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  241                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  390                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     17402711500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   15265                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   4866                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      9465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         3989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      322.069692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     143.571110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     885.882310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1842     46.18%     46.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          723     18.12%     64.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          366      9.18%     73.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          204      5.11%     78.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          159      3.99%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          119      2.98%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           79      1.98%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           58      1.45%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           56      1.40%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           47      1.18%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           37      0.93%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           21      0.53%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           32      0.80%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           22      0.55%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           17      0.43%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           12      0.30%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           14      0.35%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           12      0.30%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            6      0.15%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           13      0.33%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           10      0.25%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      0.18%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            5      0.13%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            8      0.20%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           11      0.28%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           11      0.28%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            4      0.10%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            5      0.13%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.05%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.05%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            4      0.10%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            3      0.08%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.03%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.18%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.03%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.10%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.08%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.03%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.05%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.03%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            4      0.10%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.08%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.05%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.03%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.03%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.05%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      0.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           3989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      136270000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 406366250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     76290000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   193806250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8931.05                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12701.94                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26633.00                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          56.14                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          17.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  56.14                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  17.89                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.33                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      13721                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      2401                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  49.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       864473.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     74032544                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              4866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8333                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        35396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         35396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1288384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1288384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1288384                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29529500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           72408750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1354952                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1291368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        87180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       416903                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          411466                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.695860                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13895                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           85                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             22101821                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                478                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         22102299                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6998776                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2215                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         7000991                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             29100597                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2693                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         29103290                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3956820                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3956948                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 34805882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      4071747                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               54788216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1354952                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       425361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               7142299                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          803575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       22298366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3956820                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         15584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     34203587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.601827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.173151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         27061288     79.12%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           133549      0.39%     79.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           112186      0.33%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33919      0.10%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            38867      0.11%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            25193      0.07%     80.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            14070      0.04%     80.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           313435      0.92%     81.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6471080     18.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     34203587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038929                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.574108                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          7021081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      19407218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4157834                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2930072                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         687381                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        47714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           341                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       54370156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1051                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         687381                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7818439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5545374                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1340582                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6204072                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12607738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       53828973                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         283494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      12101162                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     45062455                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      78513655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     77496556                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1017099                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      40545940                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4516515                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        55357                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          22004564                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     23043293                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7359875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     14155616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      3149208                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           53406660                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          50955185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4853152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4001766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           70                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     34203587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.489761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.276141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      8167261     23.88%     23.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     12126080     35.45%     59.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6519375     19.06%     78.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4445313     13.00%     91.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2369248      6.93%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       495357      1.45%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        66676      0.19%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13633      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          644      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     34203587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             446      0.14%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             13      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         308402     97.67%     97.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          6861      2.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        22163      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      20772520     40.77%     40.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       524576      1.03%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       276212      0.54%     42.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25934      0.05%     42.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        92554      0.18%     42.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        20340      0.04%     42.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21340      0.04%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     22188565     43.55%     86.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7010981     13.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       50955185                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.463982                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              315762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.006197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    135160893                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     57480634                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     50080030                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1274183                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       808661                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       627009                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       50611105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          637679                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8822902                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2054838                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        29472                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       526379                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3508                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         687381                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          231602                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         15580                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     53451561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      23043293                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7359875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          165                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        29472                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        27169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        60796                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        87965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      50836567                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      22102304                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       118618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 44643                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             29103295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1170292                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            7000991                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.460574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               50769539                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              50707039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          42159677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          42885998                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.456853                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983064                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4907486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        86858                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     33516206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.448222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.993614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10918626     32.58%     32.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13629501     40.67%     73.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4751250     14.18%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       764774      2.28%     89.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       631134      1.88%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       417055      1.24%     92.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       269140      0.80%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       189891      0.57%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1944835      5.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     33516206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     48538891                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       48538891                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27821951                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20988455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1112690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             571373                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          48146311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13593                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1944835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             85012548                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           107581535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   10021                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  602295                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            48505664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              48505664                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      48505664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.717563                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.717563                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.393605                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.393605                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         73421939                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        42088028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            624699                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           495586                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      7351                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7144.617022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       27337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     15322                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.784167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5801.277458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.910882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   891.361735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         88.658331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         31.408616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.708164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.108809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.872146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            20423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 20423                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3638                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         18774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    18777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        18774                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   18777                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6143                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8333                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  15266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14476                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 15266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    444236250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       500094250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    539524500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     539524500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    983760750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1039618750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    983760750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1039618750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               22072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             20423                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                34043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        33250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               34043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.314108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.696099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.448433                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.448433                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70706.329114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72315.847306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72132.446271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64745.529821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64745.529821                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70706.329114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67958.051257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68100.271846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70706.329114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67958.051257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68100.271846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             15266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            15266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46793000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    373715750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    420508750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    443762500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443762500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46793000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    817478250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864271250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     46793000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    817478250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864271250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288688                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.314108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.448433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.448433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59231.645570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60836.032883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60653.216501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53253.630145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53253.630145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59231.645570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56471.280050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56614.126163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59231.645570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56471.280050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56614.126163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   200297180                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              22072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             22071                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            20423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11971                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        86923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        88508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3435072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3485760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3485760                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           47656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1381000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          53395750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               472                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           486.290993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3958858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4035.533129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   404.024745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.266248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.789111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.160676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3955643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3955643                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3955643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3955643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3955643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3955643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81104249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     81104249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81104249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     81104249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     81104249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     81104249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3956820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3956820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3956820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3956820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3956820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3956820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68907.603229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68907.603229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68907.603229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68907.603229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68907.603229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68907.603229                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          166                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    41.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          384                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56682000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     56682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71477.931904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71477.931904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71477.931904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71477.931904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71477.931904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71477.931904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             32890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           436.965234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            20010756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             33328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            600.418747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   436.895616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.069618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.853312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.853448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13228699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        13228699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6781264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6781264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     20009963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         20009963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     20009963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        20009963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        48046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         48046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        52153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        52153                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       100199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         100199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       100199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        100199                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1513868750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1513868750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2646004599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2646004599                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4159873349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4159873349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4159873349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4159873349                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13276745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13276745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6833417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6833417                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20110162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20110162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20110162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20110162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007632                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31508.736419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31508.736419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50735.424597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50735.424597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41516.116418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41516.116418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41516.116418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41516.116418                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       128618                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    74.647707                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             20423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        26770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        26770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        40182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        40182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        66952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        66952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        33247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        33247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    617029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617029000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587902250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587902250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1204931250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204931250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1204931250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1204931250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001603                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001653                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29001.175033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29001.175033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49110.537967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49110.537967                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36241.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36241.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36241.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36241.803772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
