
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184851                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184850960500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184852671000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  58800                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58800                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12806094                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14434.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760841                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760841                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       338608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170350600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170689208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       338608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             338608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85139119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85139119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85139119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       338608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170350600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255828327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493002                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738909                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552064                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552064                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30792                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30735                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30759                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30766                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30882                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30910                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30773                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30904                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184850930500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493002                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        34843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1355.715180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     627.519805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1997.396245                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4192     12.03%     12.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3593     10.31%     22.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          535      1.54%     23.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          577      1.66%     25.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          565      1.62%     27.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          679      1.95%     29.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1420      4.08%     33.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2254      6.47%     39.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          578      1.66%     41.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          600      1.72%     43.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          568      1.63%     44.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          663      1.90%     46.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          507      1.46%     48.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          852      2.45%     50.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3146      9.03%     59.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1861      5.34%     64.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          543      1.56%     66.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          572      1.64%     68.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          459      1.32%     69.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          462      1.33%     70.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          519      1.49%     72.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          656      1.88%     74.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4642     13.32%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          124      0.36%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           99      0.28%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           78      0.22%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           78      0.22%     88.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           60      0.17%     88.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           61      0.18%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           75      0.22%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           80      0.23%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           59      0.17%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          102      0.29%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           48      0.14%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           28      0.08%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           38      0.11%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           34      0.10%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           46      0.13%     90.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           38      0.11%     90.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           28      0.08%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           25      0.07%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           36      0.10%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           32      0.09%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           27      0.08%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           26      0.07%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           40      0.11%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           20      0.06%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           17      0.05%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           16      0.05%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           20      0.06%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           20      0.06%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           10      0.03%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           15      0.04%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           13      0.04%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           16      0.05%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           14      0.04%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           13      0.04%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           23      0.07%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           10      0.03%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           10      0.03%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           18      0.05%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           15      0.04%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           36      0.10%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           22      0.06%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           33      0.09%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           12      0.03%     92.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            9      0.03%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.02%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           19      0.05%     92.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           11      0.03%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.03%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           15      0.04%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           13      0.04%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           11      0.03%     92.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           11      0.03%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.02%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            7      0.02%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           13      0.04%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.01%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           16      0.05%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           10      0.03%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            8      0.02%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            7      0.02%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           11      0.03%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            8      0.02%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           10      0.03%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            7      0.02%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           14      0.04%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            6      0.02%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            9      0.03%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            8      0.02%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           13      0.04%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            5      0.01%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           11      0.03%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           32      0.09%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            8      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           26      0.07%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            7      0.02%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            7      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            6      0.02%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            7      0.02%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            8      0.02%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            7      0.02%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           10      0.03%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           13      0.04%     93.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.03%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            9      0.03%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           14      0.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           11      0.03%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.02%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           10      0.03%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           13      0.04%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            8      0.02%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           10      0.03%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.02%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           11      0.03%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           12      0.03%     93.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            9      0.03%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           10      0.03%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           10      0.03%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            6      0.02%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           10      0.03%     93.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           13      0.04%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           17      0.05%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           10      0.03%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           17      0.05%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           35      0.10%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2116      6.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          34843                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      347916250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10002717500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7189861250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         705.73                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14584.25                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20289.98                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.14                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.33                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471822                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    232216                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250167.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255827981                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231909                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290048                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353082500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338605500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915294                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13786                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18370514                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366226                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.976658                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449982                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          108                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242277024                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4534                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242281558                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090144                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2252                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092396                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323367168                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6786                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323373954                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77406644                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               102                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77406746                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369701921                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77448288                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878422598                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915294                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816208                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128290471                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          158136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      131834609                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1549                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           49                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77406644                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337702935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.601170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.578310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209412464     62.01%     62.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471819      1.32%     63.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510398      2.52%     65.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218422      1.25%     67.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090531      1.51%     68.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643132      0.78%     69.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231528      1.85%     71.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689363      1.09%     72.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435278     27.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337702935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.376029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105257110                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104040702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105580038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22697648                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         127436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461741                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           483                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878329920                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1539                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         127436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112509398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45545224                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       373987                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121080760                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58066129                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878195798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53393469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749236372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228545894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855105969                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373439925                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287888                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           948484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5808                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         174851975                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242356686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81140848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31795179                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2508020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849707475                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6870                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849304604                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11625                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       947293                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       765981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          108                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337702935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.514946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.590419                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35355137     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62978513     18.65%     29.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77650293     22.99%     52.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70356285     20.83%     72.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50024005     14.81%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30196683      8.94%     96.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9429781      2.79%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1399375      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312863      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337702935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44364      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1466847     13.66%     14.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       751104      7.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4027498     37.51%     58.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4446037     41.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334444     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887549      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957149     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252069      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320052      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147066      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242309310     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096569      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849304604                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.297269                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10735850                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520375773                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588341201                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586989633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526683845                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332537                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222819                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595588050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264452011                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32696632                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       306154                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          720                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12224                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          789                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         127436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13365040                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1044410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878052087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5793                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242356686                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81140848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3720                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84373                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12224                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10239                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4189                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14428                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849261561                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242281564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337742                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323373961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092397                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.297152                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849234936                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849212452                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723389349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816047292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.297019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       874131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13316                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337575499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.598206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.281792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132252392     39.18%     39.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87706535     25.98%     65.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11711082      3.47%     68.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5935990      1.76%     70.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5698670      1.69%     72.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3773573      1.12%     73.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5792729      1.72%     74.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5901130      1.75%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78803398     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337575499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090682                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097447                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050532                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869599                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356808                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78803398                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136682834                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756057381                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31998986                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757450                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435580                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435580                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.295789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.295789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949652045                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502207613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934476                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488382                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485094                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7978.005592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      211718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.429220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5525.302913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.709161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2444.001554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.787267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.204696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.674475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.973878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       127740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  127813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           329897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                329897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        51970                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 51970                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            73                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        179710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   179783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           73                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       179710                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  179783                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247015                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66086750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15043940250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15110027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15345759000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15345759000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66086750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30389699250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30455786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     66086750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30389699250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30455786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       373777                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              374828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       329897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            329897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       297957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            297957                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       671734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               672785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       671734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              672785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.659009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.825579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.732778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.732778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67573.364008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61145.032048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.483574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62384.430885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62384.430885                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67573.364008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61764.668492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61776.191577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67573.364008                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61764.668492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61776.191577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54853250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12216942750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12271796000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12520779000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12520779000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54853250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24737721750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24792575000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54853250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24737721750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24792575000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.658245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.659009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.825579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.825579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.732778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.930542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.732469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.732778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56087.167689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49654.900482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49680.367589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50900.165456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50900.165456                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56087.167689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50277.469697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50288.994771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56087.167689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50277.469697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50288.994771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   347152754                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             374828                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            374826                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           329897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1673363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1675465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     64104256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  64171520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              64171520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          831238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1814250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1127465500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               724                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77408385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62729.647488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   500.514843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     9.308205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.977568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.018180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77405184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77405184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77405184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93682749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93682749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93682749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93682749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93682749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93682749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77406644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77406644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77406644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64166.266438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64166.266438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64166.266438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64166.266438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64166.266438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64166.266438                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          409                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67878250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67878250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67878250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67878250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67878250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67878250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.443387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64584.443387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.443387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64584.443387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64584.443387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64584.443387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            671300                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.852390                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288284174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            671812                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            429.114356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         135022750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.836165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208286040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208286040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79992920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79992920                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1586                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288278960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288278960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288278960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288278960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1290441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1290441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1050868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1050868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1543                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2341309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2341309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2341309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2341309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57033944750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57033944750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47101027228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47101027228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21341250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21341250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104134971978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104134971978                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104134971978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104134971978                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209576481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209576481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043788                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3129                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290620269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290620269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290620269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290620269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493129                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44197.250979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44197.250979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44821.069086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44821.069086                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13831.011017                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13831.011017                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44477.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44477.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44477.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44477.244131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6074                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               182                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.373626                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       329897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            329897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       916666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       916666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       752911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       752911                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1669577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1669577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1669577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1669577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       373775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       373775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       297957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       297957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       671732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       671732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       671732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       671732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16700102250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16700102250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16168681998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16168681998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       122500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32868784248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32868784248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32868784248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32868784248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000639                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44679.559227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44679.559227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54265.152347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54265.152347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48931.395628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48931.395628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48931.395628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48931.395628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
