
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.041533                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 41533097000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                41534808000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10009631                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4149.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2770368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2819776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1278720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1278720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           19980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                19980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1189605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     66702659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                67892264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1189605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1189605                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          30787976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               30787976                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          30787976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1189605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     66702659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               98680240                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44059                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        19980                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64039                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2819776                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1278720                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2819776                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1278720                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       11                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2770                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  2941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2785                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2683                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2954                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2696                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2718                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2702                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2717                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2657                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2683                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2644                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1215                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1216                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1213                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1260                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1266                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1264                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1240                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1228                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     41532818000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44059                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  19980                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      426.308702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     162.732544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1024.535155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4429     46.16%     46.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1520     15.84%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          656      6.84%     68.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          570      5.94%     74.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          336      3.50%     78.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          219      2.28%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          153      1.59%     82.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          150      1.56%     83.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           87      0.91%     84.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           93      0.97%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           68      0.71%     86.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          122      1.27%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           56      0.58%     88.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           47      0.49%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           52      0.54%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           55      0.57%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           28      0.29%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           44      0.46%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           35      0.36%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           91      0.95%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           29      0.30%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           22      0.23%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          142      1.48%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          163      1.70%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           13      0.14%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           12      0.13%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           17      0.18%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           19      0.20%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           19      0.20%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           13      0.14%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.10%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           12      0.13%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           15      0.16%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.07%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           12      0.13%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            9      0.09%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.06%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.04%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.04%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.08%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.05%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.03%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.04%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.05%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            6      0.06%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            5      0.05%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           15      0.16%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.05%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.04%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.01%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            5      0.05%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.05%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.04%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            3      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.04%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.03%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.03%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            4      0.04%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            5      0.05%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.03%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.02%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.03%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            5      0.05%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.07%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.03%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            6      0.06%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.06%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.05%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           61      0.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      597648250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1344183250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220240000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   526295000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13568.11                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11948.22                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30516.33                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          67.89                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          30.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  67.89                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  30.79                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40191                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14226                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       648555.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     98680240                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             19980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21147                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4098496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4098496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4098496                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           111939500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209010250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2651354                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2567088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       184459                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1221115                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1198363                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.136785                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16542                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           78                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53311096                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1053                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53312149                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16960011                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4340                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16964351                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70271107                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5393                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70276500                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9553724                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9553854                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 83066194                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9782436                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              129864128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2651354                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1214905                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17024136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1786011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       52375381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9553724                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     80727694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.608669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.175182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         63703558     78.91%     78.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           401128      0.50%     79.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           289554      0.36%     79.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            74633      0.09%     79.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            70617      0.09%     79.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            43132      0.05%     80.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22162      0.03%     80.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           954387      1.18%     81.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15168523     18.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     80727694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.031919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.563381                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         16871769                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      45402544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9840764                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7070685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1541931                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65358                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      128988587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1541931                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18796530                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13076385                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1877071                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14777508                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30658268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      127892562                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         483090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29565525                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107276354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     186727738                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185363152                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1364586                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10116850                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          53807999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55632068                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17829500                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35646523                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7922536                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127034587                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121256211                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14196                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11019826                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9316692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           65                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     80727694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.502040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18485332     22.90%     22.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29197950     36.17%     59.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15217485     18.85%     77.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11055935     13.70%     91.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5542007      6.87%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1106029      1.37%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       103857      0.13%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18621      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          478      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     80727694                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             390      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             16      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         633721     97.38%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         16571      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49071779     40.47%     40.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1098993      0.91%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       364114      0.30%     41.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34064      0.03%     41.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122660      0.10%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26083      0.02%     41.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28054      0.02%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53495957     44.12%     85.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16987004     14.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121256211                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.459754                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              650738                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005367                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    322233244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137006234                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    119949447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1671806                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1110061                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       819472                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121042961                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          836485                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21684225                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4699899                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11250                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        62136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1262401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7389                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1541931                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          477549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         25410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127123141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5539                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55632068                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17829500                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2002                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1385                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        62136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64681                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       120935                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       185616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121016737                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53312151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       239474                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88299                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70276502                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2315769                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16964351                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.456871                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              120899721                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120768919                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100741186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101798626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.453888                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989612                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11082576                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       184146                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79185763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.465209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.017823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25232243     31.86%     31.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     32539883     41.09%     72.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11576355     14.62%     87.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1914026      2.42%     89.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1273021      1.61%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       866588      1.09%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       366217      0.46%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       372768      0.47%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5044662      6.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79185763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5044662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            201233709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           255757502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   25166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2338500                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.716375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.716375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.395916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.395916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175651454                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       100942075                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817058                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           650716                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36129                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8138.420672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.123529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               39268270250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5657.796675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   113.438845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2366.115001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.846731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.223420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.690649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.288832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1859                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          5041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         5041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5041                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 22913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21147                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52666000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1514563250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1567229250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1606068500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1606068500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52666000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3120631750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3173297750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3120631750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3173297750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               26095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             23006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                49101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               49101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.878061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.919195                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.897334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.897334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68131.953428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68408.457543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68399.129315                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75947.817657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75947.817657                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68131.953428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72091.661469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72022.191330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68131.953428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72091.661469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72022.191330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                19980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     19980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            22913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1260259750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1304056750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1363102500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1363102500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2623362250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2667159250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2623362250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2667159250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.874339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.878061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.897334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.895692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.897334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56658.473480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56922.301265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56913.400690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64458.433820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64458.433820                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56658.473480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60603.928431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60534.708352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56658.473480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60603.928431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60534.708352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   111508564                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              26095                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             26094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            23264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            23006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           23006                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       119920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       121465                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      4581888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   4631296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               4631296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           59446500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1346500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          83045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.279902                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9555777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9943.576483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.860051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.419851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9552562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9552562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9552562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9552562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9552562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9552562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76511250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76511250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76511250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76511250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76511250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76511250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9553724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9553724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9553724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9553724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9553724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9553724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65844.449225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65844.449225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65844.449225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65844.449225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65844.449225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65844.449225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          389                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69134.540750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69134.540750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69134.540750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69134.540750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69134.540750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69134.540750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             47914                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           491.339928                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            47965598                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             48406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            990.901913                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   491.310260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.029668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.959590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31540171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31540171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16424634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16424634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47964805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         47964805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47964805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        47964805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        83773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         83773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       142386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       142386                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       226159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         226159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       226159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        226159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5063946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5063946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9127248722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9127248722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       591750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       591750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14191194722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14191194722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14191194722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14191194722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31623944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31623944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48190964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48190964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48190964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48190964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60448.426104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60448.426104                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64102.149945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64102.149945                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84535.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84535.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62748.750755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62748.750755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62748.750755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62748.750755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       533023                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4817                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   110.654557                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             23264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        58454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        58454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       119380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       119380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       177834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       177834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177834                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        25319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        23006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        48325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        48325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1571348500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1571348500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1647706250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1647706250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       402250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3219054750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3219054750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3219054750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3219054750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001389                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62062.028516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62062.028516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71620.718508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71620.718508                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 134083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 134083.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66612.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66612.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66612.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66612.617693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
