
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.043948                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 43948472000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                43950183000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               10128763                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4338.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   117057086                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     117057086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2856960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2906432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1289280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1289280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        44640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 45413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1125682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     65007038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                66132720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1125682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1125682                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29336174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29336174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29336174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1125682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     65007038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               95468894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         45413                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20145                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          65558                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2906432                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1289280                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2906432                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1289280                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       21                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2814                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2876                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3098                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2872                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2922                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2741                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3010                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2778                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2795                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2768                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2945                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2785                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2783                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2713                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2725                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1215                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1411                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1248                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1265                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1248                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1237                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     43948181000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   45413                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20145                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     30001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      6435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        10170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      411.645231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     160.873389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     956.323436                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4874     47.93%     47.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1441     14.17%     62.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          741      7.29%     69.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          508      5.00%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          375      3.69%     78.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          269      2.65%     80.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          148      1.46%     82.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          137      1.35%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          101      0.99%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           63      0.62%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           69      0.68%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           76      0.75%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           42      0.41%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           40      0.39%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           33      0.32%     87.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           71      0.70%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           38      0.37%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           25      0.25%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           31      0.30%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          118      1.16%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           28      0.28%     90.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           56      0.55%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          286      2.81%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          242      2.38%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           18      0.18%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.22%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           17      0.17%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           11      0.11%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           11      0.11%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           22      0.22%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            8      0.08%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            7      0.07%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.09%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.07%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.08%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.05%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.09%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.04%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            8      0.08%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.01%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.02%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.03%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.04%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.03%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.03%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.06%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.01%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.02%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            4      0.04%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.02%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.03%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            3      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.02%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            5      0.05%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.02%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.01%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            4      0.04%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.03%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            3      0.03%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.03%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.03%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            8      0.08%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.03%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           59      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          10170                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      630514750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1415051000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    226960000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   557576250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13890.44                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12283.58                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31174.02                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          66.13                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  66.13                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.34                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40937                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14410                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   90.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       670370.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     95468894                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23699                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21714                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       110971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        110971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4195712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4195712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4195712                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           113359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          215409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2705907                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2619943                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       190370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1217174                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1208803                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.312259                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16652                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           75                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53912401                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1141                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53913542                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17128834                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4311                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17133145                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             71041235                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5452                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         71046687                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9690606                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9690736                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 87896944                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9928846                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              131704954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2705907                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1225455                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17267826                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1884064                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       56419716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3406                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9690606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     85248050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.544961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.127383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         67980224     79.74%     79.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           406891      0.48%     80.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           292188      0.34%     80.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            80885      0.09%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            73275      0.09%     80.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            45860      0.05%     80.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            23101      0.03%     80.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           954982      1.12%     81.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15390644     18.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     85248050                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.030785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.498402                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17135854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      49340557                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9813490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7330297                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1627851                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        66815                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      130741175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1033                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1627851                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19013431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        15791757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1899082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15004708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31911220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      129614516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         507844                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30801290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    108737337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     189235908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187855271                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1380637                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      98089167                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10648170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        72249                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55586896                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     56342301                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18041058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     36101189                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8227252                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          128744514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          265                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         122728559                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13699                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11623825                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9697330                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     85248050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.439664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21322522     25.01%     25.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30597437     35.89%     60.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15731087     18.45%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11047990     12.96%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5371531      6.30%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1046692      1.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       110633      0.13%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19668      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          490      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     85248050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             416      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            453      0.07%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         642523     97.46%     97.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         15857      2.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27673      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49722167     40.51%     40.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1130042      0.92%     41.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       367973      0.30%     41.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34423      0.03%     41.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       123912      0.10%     41.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26445      0.02%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28128      0.02%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54107615     44.09%     86.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17160181     13.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      122728559                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.396278                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              659289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    329688460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139311272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    121396258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1689696                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1124688                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       828081                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      122514709                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          845466                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21842506                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4958893                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11099                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        67954                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1339768                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9030                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1627851                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1823121                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        142382                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128833426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      56342301                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18041058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          20667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         39779                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        67954                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        67307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124265                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       191572                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     122474060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53913544                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       254499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88647                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             71046689                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2358375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17133145                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.393382                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              122354232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             122224339                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         101949876                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         103034191                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.390541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989476                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11693956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       190056                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     83620199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.400667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.979765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28498404     34.08%     34.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33621579     40.21%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11663239     13.95%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1915049      2.29%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1292382      1.55%     92.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       865191      1.03%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       377345      0.45%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       424822      0.51%     94.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4962188      5.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     83620199                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    117124015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      117124015                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               68084698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              51383408                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2235507                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             739658                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         116585814                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16355                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4962188                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            207461851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           259267064                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   81698                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2648894                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           117053695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             117053695                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     117053695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.750911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.750911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.331715                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.331715                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        177756073                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       102178155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            825743                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           657776                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           32041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13993                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     37535                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8157.507603                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      143993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     45642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.154835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               42222548750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5682.359893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   114.756395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2359.399212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.790099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.693647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.014008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.288013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       118559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  118559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            47062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 47062                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22280                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 22280                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        140839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   140839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       140839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  140839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 23700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21714                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        44640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  45414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        44640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 45414                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1593118500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1645918750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1653037250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1653037250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3246155750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3298956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52800250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3246155750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3298956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       141485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              142259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        47062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             47062                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        43994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             43994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               186253                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       185479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              186253                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.166598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.493567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.243830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.243830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68217.377261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69489.596964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69448.048523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76127.717141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76127.717141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68217.377261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72718.542787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.828511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68217.377261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72718.542787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72641.828511                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            23700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21714                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             45414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            45414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43919750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1329805500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1373725250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1403586750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1403586750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43919750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2733392250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2777312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43919750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2733392250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2777312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.166598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.243830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.243830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56743.863049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58004.252813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57963.090717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64639.714009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64639.714009                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56743.863049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61231.905242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61155.414630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56743.863049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61231.905242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61155.414630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   339763712                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             142259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            142258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            47062                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            43994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           43994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       418020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       419567                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     14882624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  14932096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              14932096                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          163719500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1348250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         289072250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.313410                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9692659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10075.529106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.735820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    88.577591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.173003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9689444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9689444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9689444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9689444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9689444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9689444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76527750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76527750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76527750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76527750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76527750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76527750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9690606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9690606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9690606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9690606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9690606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9690606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65858.648881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65858.648881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65858.648881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65858.648881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65858.648881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65858.648881                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          388                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53575750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53575750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53575750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53575750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53575750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53575750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69219.315245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69219.315245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69219.315245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69219.315245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69219.315245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69219.315245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            185385                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           171.953776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48290029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            185557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            260.243639                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   171.925738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.335792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.335847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31790935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31790935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16498301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16498301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48289236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48289236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48289236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48289236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       274565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        274565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       202910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       202910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       477475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         477475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       477475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        477475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7437544250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7437544250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9866679387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9866679387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17304223637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17304223637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17304223637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17304223637                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32065500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32065500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16701211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16701211                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48766711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48766711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48766711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48766711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27088.464480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27088.464480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48625.890232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48625.890232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36241.109246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36241.109246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36241.109246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36241.109246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       550734                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5220                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.504598                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        47062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             47062                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       132909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       132909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       159090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       159090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       291999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       291999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       141656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       141656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        43820                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       185476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       185476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       185476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2922627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2922627500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1918214746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1918214746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4840842246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4840842246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4840842246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4840842246                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20631.865223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20631.865223                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43774.868690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43774.868690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26099.561377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26099.561377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26099.561377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26099.561377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
