
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.726803                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                726803266500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               726804977500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63797                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63797                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               20273225                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35850.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287156685                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287156685                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       725632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               761984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       112896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            112896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1764                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        50016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       998388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1048405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        50016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              50016                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            155332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 155332                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            155332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        50016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       998388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1203737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11906                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1764                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13670                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       761984                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    112896                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 761984                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 112896                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        1                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   675                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   840                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1252                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1127                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  554                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  599                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  983                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    26                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    18                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   148                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   397                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   133                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   50                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   39                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  135                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  246                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    726803025000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11906                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1764                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1592.732601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     343.732072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2785.962852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            202     37.00%     37.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           53      9.71%     46.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           29      5.31%     52.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           26      4.76%     56.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           10      1.83%     58.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           18      3.30%     61.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            2      0.37%     62.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            5      0.92%     63.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            9      1.65%     64.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            8      1.47%     66.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.73%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            6      1.10%     68.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      2.38%     70.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            2      0.37%     70.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            3      0.55%     71.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            7      1.28%     72.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            2      0.37%     73.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.37%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            4      0.73%     74.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.55%     74.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            3      0.55%     75.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            6      1.10%     76.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            7      1.28%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.37%     78.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            3      0.55%     78.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     78.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     78.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     79.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     79.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            2      0.37%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.18%     80.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.55%     80.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.18%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.55%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     81.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.37%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.55%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.18%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.37%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.37%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.18%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.18%     84.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.18%     84.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            3      0.55%     85.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.55%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.18%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.18%     87.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.18%     87.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.18%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.18%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           55     10.07%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            2      0.37%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.37%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12161            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33497250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 260662250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59525000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   167640000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2813.71                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14081.48                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21895.19                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.59                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1538                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     53167741.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1203737                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6052                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1764                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5854                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     874880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 874880                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            13891000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56500750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77519423                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72507542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4198150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77246834                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76966844                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637539                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265960                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           76                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100822837                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15149                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100837986                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441318917                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1543                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441320460                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542141754                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16692                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542158446                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217690836                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               127                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217690963                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1453606533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217996345                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2569213973                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77519423                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77232804                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357079851                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33089072                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      849622599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3368                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217690836                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         26714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1453524917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1096445066     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4472720      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4240851      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            24230      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8692815      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           535144      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499746      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67173355      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208440990     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1453524917                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767476                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        340729603                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     730864926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134543271                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218564748                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28822368                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4745595                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537465552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           958                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28822368                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352339174                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112033719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15971510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341758040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     602600105                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519546716                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            59                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17037                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598373296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967172329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598507239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593411138                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5096101                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785020997                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182151332                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         995756300                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149871692                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470354732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641277614                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    315962945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509184482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          227                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390378681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8981                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222025128                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194223683                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1453524917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    295759273     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    404992511     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    425053071     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184684124     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134554678      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8170242      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27685      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275040      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8293      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1453524917                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14594      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          201      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         280408      7.08%      7.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3666857     92.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524199      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718056109     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512110      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336519      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2225      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792037      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11614      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262845      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109283484     46.41%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441597539     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390378681                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644447                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3962064                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6230253535                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727275295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377008296                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7999789                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4005597                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3999669                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389816549                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3999997                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439337053                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106562046                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2795                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        71918                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41161185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          870                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28822368                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          545406                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         18984                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509469638                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149871692                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470354732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6078                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          7023                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        71918                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196884                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4198636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381642447                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100837988                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8736234                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284929                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542158464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72974972                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441320476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638437                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381056928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381007965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812122862                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813111391                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638000                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222036567                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4197853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1424702549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    588162394     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457045022     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    132960038      9.33%     82.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9187901      0.64%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31401      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62657269      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59237073      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55305074      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60116377      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1424702549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287429722                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287429722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472503193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043309646                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72679598                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3995355                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280819902                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60116377                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3874049276                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047757474                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    2281                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   81616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287153294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287153294                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287153294                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386717355                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863552939                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2707989                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676384                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547311                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262252                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4008                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8044.093045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       33128                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.749212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5613.701984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.762181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2388.528942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.079853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.685266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.291568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            23787                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 23787                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6071                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  6071                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         21310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        21310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11338                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11338                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11907                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42588500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    337690250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       380278750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    374426000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     374426000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42588500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    712116250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        754704750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     42588500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    712116250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       754704750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        20723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               21292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        23787                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             23787                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                33217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               33217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.284285                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.490901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.490901                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.358461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.358461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74847.978910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61577.361415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62824.838923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63960.710625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63960.710625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74847.978910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62807.924678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63383.282943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74847.978910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62807.924678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63383.282943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1764                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11338                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11907                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36068500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    274672750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    310741250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    307150000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    307150000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36068500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    581822750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    617891250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36068500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    581822750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    617891250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.264633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.284285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.490901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.358461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.347280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.358461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63389.279438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50086.205325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51336.733851                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52468.397677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52468.397677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63389.279438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51316.171282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51893.109095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63389.279438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51316.171282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51893.109095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5019504                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              21292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             21291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            23787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1137                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        89083                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        90220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        36352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      3611840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   3648192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               3648192                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           52289000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            988000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          51758750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.954355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217693215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          287573.599736                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.927963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.026392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217690000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217690000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217690000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217690000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217690000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217690000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     60175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     60175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     60175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     60175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217690836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217690836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217690836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217690836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71979.665072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71979.665072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71979.665072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71979.665072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71979.665072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71979.665072                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75850.615114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75850.615114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75850.615114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75850.615114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75850.615114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75850.615114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             32214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.957244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090595887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             32726                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          33325.059188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         185214250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.955549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661433628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661433628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429161469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429161469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090595097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090595097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090595097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090595097                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         51317                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        32001                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        83318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          83318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        83318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         83318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2343284750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2343284750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1739381140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1739381140                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4082665890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4082665890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4082665890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4082665890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661484945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661484945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429193470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429193470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090678415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090678415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090678415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090678415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45662.933336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45662.933336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54353.962064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54353.962064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49001.006865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49001.006865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49001.006865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49001.006865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6776                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.826087                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        23787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             23787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50673                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        20720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        32645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    511532750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    511532750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    447402249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447402249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    958934999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    958934999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    958934999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    958934999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24687.874035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24687.874035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37518.008302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37518.008302                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29374.636208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29374.636208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29374.636208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29374.636208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
