
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042591                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42591024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42592735000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26645                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26645                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9536162                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4466.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   119004599                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     119004599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3346368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3395840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1320384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1320384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        52287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 53060                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20631                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1161559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     78569794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                79731354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1161559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1161559                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          31001462                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               31001462                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          31001462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1161559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     78569794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              110732815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         53060                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20631                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          73691                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3395840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1320384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3395840                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1320384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       19                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3429                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3435                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3514                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3279                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3311                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3106                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3307                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3106                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3199                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3186                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3370                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3349                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3333                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3424                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1334                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1230                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1210                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1412                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1263                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1279                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42590737500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   53060                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20631                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     32379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      9949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        14458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      325.652787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     134.222602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     858.989603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           7806     53.99%     53.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2013     13.92%     67.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1205      8.33%     76.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          680      4.70%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          450      3.11%     84.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          351      2.43%     86.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          159      1.10%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          147      1.02%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           96      0.66%     89.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          103      0.71%     89.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           80      0.55%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          126      0.87%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           71      0.49%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           50      0.35%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           52      0.36%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           66      0.46%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           45      0.31%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           29      0.20%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           37      0.26%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          103      0.71%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           32      0.22%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           30      0.21%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          165      1.14%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          168      1.16%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            6      0.04%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           12      0.08%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           13      0.09%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           14      0.10%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.08%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            4      0.03%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.07%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           11      0.08%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           12      0.08%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            8      0.06%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.03%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.02%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.03%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.03%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.02%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            5      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.03%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.08%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.01%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.06%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            2      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.03%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            2      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            3      0.02%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            4      0.03%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            4      0.03%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            4      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.01%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.02%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.06%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            2      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.03%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            3      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            6      0.04%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.04%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            3      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            3      0.02%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.02%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.03%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            2      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            6      0.04%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            4      0.03%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            3      0.02%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.02%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            7      0.05%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           65      0.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          14458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      771223500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1785102250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    265205000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   748673750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14540.14                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14115.00                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33655.14                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          79.73                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          31.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  79.73                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  31.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.04                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.85                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      44804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14410                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  69.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       577963.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    110732815                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               29051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              29051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20631                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24009                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       126751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        126751                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4716224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4716224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4716224                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           119369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          251661000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2829018                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2741255                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       193051                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1251346                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1229832                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.280731                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16559                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           77                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             54528723                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1122                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         54529845                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            17118902                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4286                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        17123188                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             71647625                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5408                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         71653033                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9837673                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9837804                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 85182048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     10077793                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              133585525                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2829018                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1246391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17516335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1875776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       53309736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9837673                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         28189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     82525417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.618720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.182187                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         65009082     78.77%     78.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           407473      0.49%     79.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           303186      0.37%     79.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            79232      0.10%     79.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            77397      0.09%     79.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            46394      0.06%     79.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            23199      0.03%     79.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           982400      1.19%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15597054     18.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     82525417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.033211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.568236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17330792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      46187473                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          10072086                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7317330                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1617735                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        68727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      132602980                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1040                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1617735                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         19184065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        13538210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1882965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          15299258                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31003183                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      131495713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         457423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      29916564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    110516373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     191889207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    190515776                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1373431                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      99922145                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10594228                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71780                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          54089972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     56940803                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     18022710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35791844                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7878556                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          130615378                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          254                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         124616844                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11542836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9675933                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           64                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82525417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.510042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18999673     23.02%     23.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29350057     35.56%     58.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15887418     19.25%     77.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     11220959     13.60%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5678284      6.88%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1237984      1.50%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       131767      0.16%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        18784      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          491      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     82525417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             405      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             20      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         663163     98.26%     98.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         11275      1.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27549      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      50887631     40.84%     40.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1246836      1.00%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       365239      0.29%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34210      0.03%     42.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122419      0.10%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26196      0.02%     42.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28321      0.02%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     54732680     43.92%     86.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17145763     13.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      124616844                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.462947                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              674903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005416                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    330770882                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    141102579                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123280033                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1676988                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1117400                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       821331                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      124425122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          839076                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21951130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4911033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11604                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        62060                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1315006                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        15650                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1617735                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          537096                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         27740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    130704071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8406                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      56940803                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     18022710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          163                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          2908                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        62060                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        69578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124448                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       194026                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     124354854                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      54529847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       261990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88439                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             71653035                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2469565                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           17123188                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.459872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              124229054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             124101364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         103759153                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         104866685                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.456896                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989439                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11615520                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       192736                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80907682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.471695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.034333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25971266     32.10%     32.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33006137     40.79%     72.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11866696     14.67%     87.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1803292      2.23%     89.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1351138      1.67%     91.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       846507      1.05%     92.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       412268      0.51%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       391658      0.48%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5258720      6.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80907682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    119071466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      119071466                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               68737474                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              52029770                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2343690                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             736336                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         118533501                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5258720                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            206321687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           262994915                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   28158                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2656631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           119001208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             119001208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     119001208                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.397022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.397022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        180425027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       103957277                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            819807                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           652155                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31917                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13931                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     45029                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8136.253412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       11038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     53059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.208033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5576.369998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   111.001699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2447.830587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.841107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.210020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.680709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    8294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            26466                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 26466                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2102                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        28278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 29052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               24009                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        52287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  53061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        52287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 53061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53141000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2142976250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2196117250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1791317250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1791317250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53141000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3934293500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3987434500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53141000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3934293500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3987434500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               37346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        26466                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             26466                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26111                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             26111                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        62683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                63457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        62683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               63457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.777915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.919498                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.836173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.836173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68657.622739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75782.454558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75592.635619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74610.239910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74610.239910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68657.622739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75244.200279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75148.121973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68657.622739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75244.200279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75148.121973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20631                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        28278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            29052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          24009                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             53061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        52287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            53061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1818255750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862516750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1515475750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515475750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44261000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3333731500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3377992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3333731500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3377992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.773214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.777915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.919498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.836173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.834150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.836173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57184.754522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64299.305114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64109.760085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63121.152484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63121.152484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57184.754522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63758.324249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63662.435687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57184.754522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63758.324249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63662.435687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   135122555                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              37346                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             37345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            26466                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            26111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           26111                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       151832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       153379                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5705536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   5755008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               5755008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           71427500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         106721500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.584958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9839721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          10228.400208                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   395.469552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.115406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.772401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9836506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9836506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9836506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9836506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9836506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9836506                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1167                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77466000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77466000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77466000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9837673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9837673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9837673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9837673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9837673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9837673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66380.462725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.462725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66380.462725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.462725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66380.462725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66380.462725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          393                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53916500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53916500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53916500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53916500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53916500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69659.560724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69659.560724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69659.560724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69659.560724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69659.560724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69659.560724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             62257                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           503.479518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            49011940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             62761                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            780.929877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   503.450587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.983302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.983358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32455907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        32455907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16555240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16555240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49011147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         49011147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49011147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        49011147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       110720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        110720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       152385                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       263105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         263105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       263105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        263105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6376459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6376459500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9669847853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9669847853                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16046307353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16046307353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16046307353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16046307353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32566627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32566627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16707625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16707625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49274252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49274252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49274252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49274252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57590.855311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57590.855311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63456.690967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63456.690967                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60988.226575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60988.226575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60988.226575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60988.226575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       595555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5659                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   105.240325                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        26466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             26466                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        74149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        74149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       126276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       126276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       200425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       200425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200425                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        36571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        26109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        62680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2262482250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2262482250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1838492000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1838492000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4100974250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4100974250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4100974250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4100974250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61865.474009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61865.474009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70416.025125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70416.025125                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65427.157786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65427.157786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65427.157786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65427.157786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
