
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.743884                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                743884489500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               743886200500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  71010                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    71010                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23096175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32208.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287097435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287097435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       745984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               781504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 12211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1932                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        47749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1002822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1050572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        47749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              47749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            166219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 166219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            166219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        47749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1002822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1216791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         12211                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1932                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          14143                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       781504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    123648                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 781504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 123648                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        2                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   893                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   536                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   856                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1314                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1179                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   671                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  556                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  623                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  610                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  717                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   169                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     4                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    47                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    26                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   187                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   420                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   347                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                   12                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   65                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   43                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   40                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  143                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    743884259500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   12211                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1932                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1633.451906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     364.127283                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2822.273299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            194     35.21%     35.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           45      8.17%     43.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           36      6.53%     49.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           26      4.72%     54.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.36%     56.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           21      3.81%     60.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            7      1.27%     62.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            7      1.27%     63.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.73%     64.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            4      0.73%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            3      0.54%     65.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            2      0.36%     65.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            8      1.45%     67.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            7      1.27%     68.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            7      1.27%     69.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            7      1.27%     70.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            8      1.45%     72.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            4      0.73%     73.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            2      0.36%     73.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            6      1.09%     74.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.73%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.73%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473           10      1.81%     77.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            2      0.36%     78.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            4      0.73%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            1      0.18%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            1      0.18%     79.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.36%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.18%     80.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.54%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.18%     80.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.18%     80.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.54%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            1      0.18%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            3      0.54%     82.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.18%     82.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.18%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     82.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.18%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.18%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.36%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.18%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.18%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.18%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.18%     84.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.54%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.36%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.36%     85.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            2      0.36%     86.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.18%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.18%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            2      0.36%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.18%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.54%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.18%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.18%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.18%     88.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.54%     88.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           54      9.80%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.18%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10753            2      0.36%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12929            1      0.18%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13313            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       33254750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 266504750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     61045000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   172205000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2723.79                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14104.76                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21828.55                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.17                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.32                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1730                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52597345.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1216791                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6291                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        26354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         26354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       905152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     905152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 905152                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14799500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57948250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77509136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72499154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4196890                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77239703                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        76959656                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637431                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          265690                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           72                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100734415                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15161                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1100749576                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441257744                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441259284                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1541992159                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16701                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542008860                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217671842                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               130                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217671972                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1487768979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    217976856                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2568710732                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77509136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77225346                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357010768                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33079307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      883449085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3391                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217671842                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25651                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1487255358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.727148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.138680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1130244590     76.00%     76.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471559      0.30%     76.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4239457      0.29%     76.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            20847      0.00%     76.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8691826      0.58%     77.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           532406      0.04%     77.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63499061      4.27%     81.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67170878      4.52%     85.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208384734     14.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1487255358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.052098                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.726552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        342142465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     763213372                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134660467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218424177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28814876                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4744021                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           306                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2537326442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           950                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28814876                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        354642326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       138487742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16975800                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341083986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     607250627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2519433936                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            76                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          17097                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     602608223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967106595                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3598326782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3593229730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5097052                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1784969328                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182137267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1054446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        1000954030                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1149817112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470361072                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641281550                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316715638                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509105333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2389970669                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8945                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222006393                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194653019                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1487255358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.606967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    324772051     21.84%     21.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    413296453     27.79%     49.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    422956714     28.44%     78.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183874820     12.36%     90.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    133269875      8.96%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8748503      0.59%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        52802      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275619      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8521      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1487255358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14738      0.40%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          198      0.01%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         291032      7.86%      8.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3396057     91.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       524295      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     717929535     30.04%     30.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118512207      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1336765      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2224      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       792182      0.03%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11613      0.00%     35.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262894      0.01%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109063570     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441535384     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2389970669                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.606412                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3702029                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001549                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6262906387                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2727175414                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2376629864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8001283                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4006381                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4000393                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2389147660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         4000743                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439484449                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106523491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2992                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        70633                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41171410                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1045                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28814876                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15865234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2886573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2509389981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1149817112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470361072                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6296                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       2421227                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        70633                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4196533                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          925                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4197458                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2381323536                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1100749578                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8647133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284422                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542008881                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         72970394                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441259303                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.600600                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2380677938                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2380630257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1811482912                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1812471212                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.600134                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222016421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4196597                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1458440482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.568367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.300575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    619677751     42.49%     42.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    458601596     31.44%     73.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    134447628      9.22%     83.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8913485      0.61%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        29768      0.00%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62743133      4.30%     88.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     58409855      4.00%     92.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     56098782      3.85%     95.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59518484      4.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1458440482                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287370520                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287370520                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472483283                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043293621                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72675806                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3996075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2280760700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59518484                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3908305754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5047591370                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  423456                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  513621                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287094044                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287094044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.650506                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.650506                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.537264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.537264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3386203669                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1863239036                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2708481                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2676869                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          547407                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         262300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4330                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8176.971683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     2944613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    236.762322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5565.658430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    36.404591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2574.812204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.076784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.019674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.314308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.998165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1856181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 1856181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1094264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1094264                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        92199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 92199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       1948380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1948380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1948380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1948380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5920                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  12212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 12212                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39300250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    353396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       392696250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    380477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     380477500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39300250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733873500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        773173750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39300250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    733873500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       773173750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1861917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1862473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1094264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1094264                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        98119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             98119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1960036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1960592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1960036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1960592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.060335                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.006229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.006229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70683.902878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61610.181311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62411.991418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64269.847973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64269.847973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70683.902878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62961.007207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.622830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70683.902878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62961.007207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63312.622830                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1932                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5920                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             12212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            12212                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32924750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    320407750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    312447500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    312447500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32924750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599930500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    632855250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     32924750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    599930500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632855250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.006229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.006229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59217.176259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50119.072524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50923.037190                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52778.293919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52778.293919                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59217.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51469.672272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51822.408287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59217.176259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51469.672272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51822.408287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   262824031                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1862473                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1862472                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1094264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            98119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           98119                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1111                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      5014336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      5015447                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side    195475200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                 195510720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             195510720                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2621692000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            967750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2942914750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               244                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           456.981315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217674232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          292572.892473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.974854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   124.006461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.650342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.242200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.892542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217671017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217671017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217671017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217671017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            825                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           825                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217671842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217671842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217671842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217671842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67214.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67214.545455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67214.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67214.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67214.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67214.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39858250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39858250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39858250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39858250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     39858250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39858250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71687.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1959913                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           200.995397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1088172782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1960114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            555.157905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   200.993740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.392569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    659100765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       659100765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429071229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429071229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           69                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088171994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1088171994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1088171994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1088171994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2148231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2148231                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       118356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       118356                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2266587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2266587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2266587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28836626250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28836626250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2876807596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2876807596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       545250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       545250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31713433846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31713433846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31713433846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31713433846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661248996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661248996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429189585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090438581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090438581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090438581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090438581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003249                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115385                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13423.428975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13423.428975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24306.394234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24306.394234                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60583.333333                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13991.712582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13991.712582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13991.712582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13991.712582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               248                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.564516                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1094264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1094264                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       286312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       286312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       306556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       306556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       306556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       306556                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1861919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1861919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        98112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        98112                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1960031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1960031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1960031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1960031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20920157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20920157000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1401095249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1401095249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       183000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22321252249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22321252249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22321252249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22321252249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064103                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11235.804028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11235.804028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14280.569645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14280.569645                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36600                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11388.213885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11388.213885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11388.213885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11388.213885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
