
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.042982                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 42981995000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                42983706000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26676                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    26676                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9888206                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4346.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2776640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2826176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1284416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1284416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44159                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20069                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1152483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     64600073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                65752555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1152483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1152483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29882652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29882652                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29882652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1152483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     64600073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               95635207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44159                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20069                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64228                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2826176                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1284416                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2826176                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1284416                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  2986                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2682                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2719                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2704                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2886                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2722                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2658                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1229                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1269                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1254                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     42981720000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44159                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20069                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      3953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      429.737272                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     168.196936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     987.855484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4355     45.62%     45.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1390     14.56%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          720      7.54%     67.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          498      5.22%     72.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          363      3.80%     76.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          277      2.90%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          166      1.74%     81.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          113      1.18%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          106      1.11%     83.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           78      0.82%     84.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           56      0.59%     85.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           86      0.90%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           49      0.51%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           41      0.43%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           27      0.28%     87.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           51      0.53%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           29      0.30%     88.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           35      0.37%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           42      0.44%     88.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          139      1.46%     90.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           74      0.78%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           62      0.65%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          199      2.08%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          222      2.33%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           16      0.17%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           18      0.19%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           21      0.22%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           23      0.24%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.14%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.18%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           10      0.10%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.08%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            9      0.09%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            7      0.07%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.09%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.03%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            8      0.08%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            4      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.04%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            5      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.03%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            5      0.05%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.07%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            2      0.02%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            1      0.01%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.03%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            3      0.03%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            5      0.05%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.05%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.02%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            2      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.03%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.02%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            3      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.02%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.02%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.02%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            6      0.06%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.02%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.07%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.07%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            5      0.05%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            4      0.04%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            4      0.04%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           59      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      591973250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1342472000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220725000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   529773750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13409.75                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12000.76                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30410.51                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          65.75                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  65.75                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.88                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.01                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40230                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14425                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  71.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       669205.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     95635207                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22979                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108387                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4110592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4110592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4110592                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           112390000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2657322                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2572761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       185559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1210202                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1200269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.179228                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16546                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           82                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53385275                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1037                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53386312                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16977281                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4330                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16981611                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70362556                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5367                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70367923                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9586212                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9586343                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 85963990                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9820922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              130239685                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2657322                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1216815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17074969                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1842750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       55065334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9586212                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         25486                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     83557872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.558676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.137832                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         66482903     79.57%     79.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           402998      0.48%     80.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           290099      0.35%     80.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            75784      0.09%     80.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            71652      0.09%     80.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            44111      0.05%     80.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22720      0.03%     80.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           955186      1.14%     81.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15212419     18.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     83557872                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.030912                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.515049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17043548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      47966239                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9645211                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7310045                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1592828                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65609                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      129309472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1592828                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18854356                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        14791795                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1874558                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14868547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31575787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      128219670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           393                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         459372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30499896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107554214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     187205795                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185837782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1368013                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10394710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71645                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          151                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          54959704                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55789442                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17879278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35781145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8186294                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127384354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          258                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121438113                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11363777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9555646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           68                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     83557872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.453341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.250266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20240432     24.22%     24.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30432278     36.42%     60.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15592886     18.66%     79.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10706064     12.81%     92.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5381320      6.44%     98.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1077511      1.29%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       103099      0.12%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        23814      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          468      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     83557872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             396      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            538      0.08%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         643004     96.43%     96.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         22849      3.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49158190     40.48%     40.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1102797      0.91%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       364706      0.30%     41.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34108      0.03%     41.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122130      0.10%     41.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26229      0.02%     41.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28273      0.02%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53568801     44.11%     86.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17005376     14.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121438113                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.412663                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              666826                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005491                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    325440509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137701664                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120136679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1673570                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1113556                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       820332                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121240032                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          837404                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21475564                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4857273                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10992                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        67357                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1312179                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7600                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1592828                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1145943                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        103194                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127472959                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55789442                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17879278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          166                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          17629                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         30524                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        67357                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65150                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       186469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121198181                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53386314                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       239932                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88347                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70367925                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2317979                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16981611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.409872                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              121082651                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120957011                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100886116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101945316                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.407066                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989610                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11433785                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       185243                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     81965044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.415526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.983762                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27290278     33.30%     33.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33333539     40.67%     73.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11663627     14.23%     88.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1862609      2.27%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1265695      1.54%     92.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       854123      1.04%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       370885      0.45%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       377960      0.46%     93.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4946328      6.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     81965044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4946328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            204462533                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           256510905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   47912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2406118                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.741366                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.741366                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.348861                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.348861                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175917433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       101104919                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            818607                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           651393                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36270                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8156.091557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      120756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.721078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               40646264000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5672.703643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   112.853290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2369.517760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.809809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.207055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.692469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.289248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        82824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   82824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            59017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 59017                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        18912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 18912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        101736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   101736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       101736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  101736                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 22980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21180                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44160                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52351750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1516989500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1569341250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1605147750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1605147750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52351750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3122137250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3174489000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52351750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3122137250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3174489000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       105029                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              105804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        59017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             59017                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             40092                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       145121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               145896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       145121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              145896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.217194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.528285                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.302681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.302681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67550.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68317.473542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68291.612272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75786.012748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75786.012748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67550.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71963.518497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71886.073370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67550.645161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71963.518497                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71886.073370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20069                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20069                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            22980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43460250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1261938500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305398750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1361854250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1361854250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43460250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2623792750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2667253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43460250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2623792750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2667253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.211418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.217194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.528285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.302681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.302681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56077.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56831.276739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56805.863795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64299.067517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64299.067517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56077.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60476.956321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60399.750906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56077.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60476.956321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60399.750906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   305113060                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             105804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            105803                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            59017                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            40092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           40092                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       349259                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       350808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     13064832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  13114368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              13114368                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          161473500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1349750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         228231500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               452                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.281353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9588265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9956.661475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.852469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.428884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9585050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9585050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9585050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9585050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9585050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9585050                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75753500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75753500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75753500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     75753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75753500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9586212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9586212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9586212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9586212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9586212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9586212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65192.340792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.340792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65192.340792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.340792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65192.340792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.340792                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          387                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53129750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53129750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53129750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53129750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68554.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68554.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            144994                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           204.921683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            48052161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            145199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            330.940027                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   204.893015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.400182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.400238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31675725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31675725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16375644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16375644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     48051369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         48051369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     48051369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        48051369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       230910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        230910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       191376                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       422286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         422286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       422286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        422286                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6698325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6698325250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9605228131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9605228131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16303553381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  16303553381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16303553381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  16303553381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31906635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31906635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48473655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48473655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48473655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48473655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011552                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29008.380971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29008.380971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50190.348482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50190.348482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38607.847243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38607.847243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38607.847243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38607.847243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       535300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   108.470111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        59017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             59017                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       125747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       151422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       151422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       277169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       277169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       277169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       277169                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       105163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       105163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        39954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        39954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       145117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       145117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       145117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       145117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2453688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2453688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1833039498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1833039498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4286727498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4286727498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4286727498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4286727498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23332.236623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23332.236623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45878.748010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45878.748010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29539.802353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29539.802353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29539.802353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29539.802353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
