
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.043739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 43739230000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                43740941000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  25828                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    25828                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9742313                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750428                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4489.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   115956825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     115956825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2780288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2829696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1287808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1287808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        43442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 44214                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           20122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                20122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1129604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     63565088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                64694692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1129604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1129604                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29442859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29442859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29442859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1129604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     63565088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               94137551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         44214                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        20122                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          64336                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      2829696                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1287808                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                2829696                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1287808                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       23                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  2662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  2772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3022                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  2806                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  2857                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  2681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  2964                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  2697                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  2720                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  2703                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 2886                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 2721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 2709                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 2658                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 2685                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 2648                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1214                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1312                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1237                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1212                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1413                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1262                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1268                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1269                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1247                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1235                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1255                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     43738950000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   44214                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  20122                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     29596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      5938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      4683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      3971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      874                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         9502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      432.340139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     168.133664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     988.486830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4369     45.98%     45.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1357     14.28%     60.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          684      7.20%     67.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          554      5.83%     73.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          347      3.65%     76.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          229      2.41%     79.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          167      1.76%     81.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          149      1.57%     82.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           96      1.01%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           81      0.85%     84.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           59      0.62%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           67      0.71%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           49      0.52%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           38      0.40%     86.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           31      0.33%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           49      0.52%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           38      0.40%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           35      0.37%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           25      0.26%     88.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          117      1.23%     89.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           28      0.29%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           15      0.16%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          319      3.36%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          233      2.45%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           15      0.16%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           13      0.14%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           19      0.20%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           10      0.11%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           15      0.16%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           17      0.18%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           23      0.24%     97.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.11%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            7      0.07%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.12%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.04%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            6      0.06%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.09%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            5      0.05%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.03%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.02%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.04%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.04%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.04%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.04%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            4      0.04%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.01%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            3      0.03%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            4      0.04%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            8      0.08%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            5      0.05%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            3      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            4      0.04%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            6      0.06%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            1      0.01%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.02%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.01%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.02%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            5      0.05%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.01%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            1      0.01%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            5      0.05%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            6      0.06%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.03%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.06%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.07%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            4      0.04%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.03%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.05%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            4      0.04%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            2      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.03%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           59      0.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           9502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      601832750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1353372750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    220955000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   530585000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       13618.90                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12006.63                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30625.53                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          64.69                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  64.69                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.44                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.90                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      40259                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     14532                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       679851.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     94137551                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               23030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              23030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             20122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             21184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            21184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       108550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        108550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4117504                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           112656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          209734250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         2657285                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      2572547                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       184634                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1209072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1198909                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.159438                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           16585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           83                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             53370762                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1095                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         53371857                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            16973649                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4317                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        16977966                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             70344411                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5412                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         70349823                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             9581075                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         9581206                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 87478460                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      9813799                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              130191478                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             2657285                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1215494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              17067689                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1828110                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       56401736                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9581075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         27018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     84865479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.534092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.119060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         67797790     79.89%     79.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           402024      0.47%     80.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           289986      0.34%     80.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            75408      0.09%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            71628      0.08%     80.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            43882      0.05%     80.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            22735      0.03%     80.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           955282      1.13%     82.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         15206744     17.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     84865479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.030376                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.488269                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         17020911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      49319295                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           9704122                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7242713                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1578437                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        65721                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      129251249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1039                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1578437                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         18892543                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        15798807                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1904018                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          14812024                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31879649                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      128141071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           411                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         515856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      30757498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    107483785                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     187090523                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    185722032                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1368491                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      97159504                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10324281                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        71861                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          55327271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     55741766                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     17869439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35734814                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      8201910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          127281998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          277                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         121388648                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        13119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11263702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9491703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84865479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.430365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21326813     25.13%     25.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30616381     36.08%     61.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15670530     18.47%     79.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10894790     12.84%     92.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5184595      6.11%     98.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1046627      1.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105342      0.12%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19938      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          463      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     84865479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             398      0.06%      0.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult            488      0.08%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           39      0.01%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         625780     96.88%     97.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         19230      2.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        27503      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      49126718     40.47%     40.49% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1100434      0.91%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       363926      0.30%     41.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        34089      0.03%     41.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       122121      0.10%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        26179      0.02%     41.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        28118      0.02%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     53558189     44.12%     85.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17001371     14.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      121388648                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.387640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              645935                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005321                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    326630295                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137499601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120079955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1671534                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1114077                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       819254                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      121170712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          836368                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     21525334                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4809597                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11646                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        68275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1302340                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         7535                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1578437                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1833448                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        145327                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127370822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      55741766                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17869439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          19604                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         42886                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        68275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        64664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121046                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       185710                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     121145305                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      53371859                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       243343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 88547                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             70349825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2316974                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           16977966                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.384859                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              121027973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             120899209                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         100853430                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         101912843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.382045                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.989605                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11332464                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       184319                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     83287042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.968039                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28436862     34.14%     34.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     33436835     40.15%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11740649     14.10%     88.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1856498      2.23%     90.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1319567      1.58%     92.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       868042      1.04%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       364302      0.44%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       382544      0.46%     94.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4881743      5.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     83287042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    116023669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      116023669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               67499268                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              50932169                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2199185                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             733737                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         115489678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        16270                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       4881743                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            205747795                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           256293992                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2612981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             115953434                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     115953434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.754428                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.754428                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.325508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.325508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        175839908                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       101056132                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            817484                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           650301                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           31871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          13908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     36334                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8156.327748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      149060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     44443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.353959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               41356607500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5671.876813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   113.680513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2369.774034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.793416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.202972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.692368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.013877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.289279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       120522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  120522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            49635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 49635                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        25819                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 25819                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        146341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   146341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       146341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  146341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        22258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 23031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               21184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  44215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43442                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 44215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51884250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1517961750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1569846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1617649250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    1617649250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51884250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3135611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3187495250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     51884250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3135611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3187495250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       142780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              143553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        49635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             49635                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             47003                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       189783                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               190556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       189783                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              190556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.160436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450695                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.450695                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.232032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.232032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67120.633894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68198.479198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68162.302983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76361.841484                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76361.841484                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67120.633894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72179.250495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72090.811942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67120.633894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72179.250495                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72090.811942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                20122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     20122                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        22258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            23031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          21184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             44215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            44215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43013750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1262315250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1374269750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1374269750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43013750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2636585000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2679598750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     43013750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2636585000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2679598750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.160436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.232032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.232032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55645.213454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56712.878516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56677.043984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64873.005570                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64873.005570                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55645.213454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60692.072188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60603.839195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55645.213454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60692.072188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60603.839195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   351450174                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             143553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            143552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            49635                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            47003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           47003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       429201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       430746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     15322752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  15372160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              15372160                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          169730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1347250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         295252250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               450                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.271121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             9583127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           9972.036420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.827496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.443625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9579912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         9579912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9579912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          9579912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9579912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         9579912                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1163                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76366250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76366250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76366250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76366250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76366250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76366250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9581075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9581075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9581075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      9581075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9581075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      9581075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65663.155632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65663.155632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65663.155632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65663.155632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65663.155632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65663.155632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52660250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52660250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52660250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52660250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52660250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52660250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.514877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68124.514877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.514877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68124.514877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68124.514877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68124.514877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            189727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           133.976615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            47930182                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            189861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            252.448802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   133.948443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.028172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.261618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.261673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31571515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        31571515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16357875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       16357875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     47929390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         47929390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     47929390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        47929390                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       270879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        270879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       209145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       209145                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       480024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         480024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       480024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        480024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7267355750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7267355750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9854142643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9854142643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       391500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17121498393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17121498393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17121498393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17121498393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     31842394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     31842394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48409414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     48409414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48409414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     48409414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012624                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101266                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26828.789792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26828.789792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47116.319506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47116.319506                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48937.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35668.004919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35668.004919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35668.004919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35668.004919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       539263                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              4944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   109.074231                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        49635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             49635                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       127860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       127860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       162385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       162385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       290245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       290245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       290245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       290245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       143019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       143019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        46760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       189779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       189779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       189779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       189779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2869155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2869155000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1920403747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1920403747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4789558747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4789558747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4789558747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4789558747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004491                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002822                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20061.355484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20061.355484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41069.370124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41069.370124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        49875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25237.559198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25237.559198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25237.559198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25237.559198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
