
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.053407                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 53406630000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                53408341000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38226                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    38226                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14056866                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3799.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   145233775                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     145233775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      3309504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3358976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1592384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1592384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        51711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 52484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           24881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                24881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       926327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     61968037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                62894363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       926327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             926327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          29816223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               29816223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          29816223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       926327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     61968037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               92710587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         52484                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        24881                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          77365                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      3358976                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   1592384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                3358976                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                1592384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  3318                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  3423                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  3560                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  3274                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  3371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  3264                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  3433                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  3202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  3217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  3163                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 3307                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 3176                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 3189                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 3136                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 3165                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 3268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  1565                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  1659                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  1684                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  1567                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  1575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  1598                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  1704                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  1474                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  1506                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 1513                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 1510                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 1493                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 1486                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 1504                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 1550                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     53406349500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   52484                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  24881                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     35182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        18140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      272.462183                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     124.610613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     726.065818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65          10163     56.03%     56.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         2800     15.44%     71.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1213      6.69%     78.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          711      3.92%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          656      3.62%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          547      3.02%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          306      1.69%     90.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          197      1.09%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          100      0.55%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           69      0.38%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           64      0.35%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           67      0.37%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           44      0.24%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           47      0.26%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           39      0.21%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           59      0.33%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           43      0.24%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           28      0.15%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           20      0.11%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          113      0.62%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           29      0.16%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           21      0.12%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          257      1.42%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          224      1.23%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           20      0.11%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           14      0.08%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.10%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           13      0.07%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            9      0.05%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           10      0.06%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            5      0.03%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            6      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            3      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           11      0.06%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            4      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            4      0.02%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      0.02%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            4      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            3      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            4      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            5      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            3      0.02%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            6      0.03%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            4      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            1      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            3      0.02%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            4      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            2      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.02%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.01%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            5      0.03%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            2      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            5      0.03%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            6      0.03%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            4      0.02%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            3      0.02%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.02%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           62      0.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          18140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      774833000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                1749234250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    262330000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   712071250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14768.29                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13572.05                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  33340.34                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          62.89                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          29.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  62.89                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  29.82                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.97                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      45589                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     13600                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   86.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  54.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       690316.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     92710587                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25356                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             24881                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             27128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            27128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       129849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        129849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      4951360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    4951360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                4951360                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           138206500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          248931750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         3496333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      3315654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       221559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      1323420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         1299278                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.175787                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           36668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           81                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             66099602                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         66100777                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            21618360                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4299                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        21622659                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             87717962                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5474                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         87723436                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            11705434                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               131                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        11705565                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                106813260                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11985833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              161769474                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             3496333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      1335946                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              21106811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         2127527                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       69210854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           88                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3412                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          11705434                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         34684                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    104128195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.553561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.136535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         83021384     79.73%     79.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           428957      0.41%     80.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           312418      0.30%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            99110      0.10%     80.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           105931      0.10%     80.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            74207      0.07%     80.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            34058      0.03%     80.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           997796      0.96%     81.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         19054334     18.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    104128195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.032733                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.514507                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         20960720                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      60387195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          11982836                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8976563                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        1820880                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       139152                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           327                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      160640591                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1023                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        1820880                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         23249444                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        17507358                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4508342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          18375742                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      38666428                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      159189219                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           944                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         767490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      37146810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    132905533                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     232733891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    229600060                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      3133831                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     121086060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11819473                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       168003                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          67379577                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     68719751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     22626342                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     43865997                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      9656604                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          158119816                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          281                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         151454367                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16619                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12789306                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10853742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    104128195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.454499                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     25766791     24.75%     24.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     37201825     35.73%     60.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     19348611     18.58%     79.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13431081     12.90%     91.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6849386      6.58%     98.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1358376      1.30%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       132722      0.13%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        38903      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          500      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    104128195                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             412      0.05%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             12      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         883169     97.39%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         23164      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        67653      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      60750569     40.11%     40.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1314788      0.87%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       855453      0.56%     41.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        80549      0.05%     41.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       283240      0.19%     41.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        57293      0.04%     41.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        66091      0.04%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     66326677     43.79%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21652054     14.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      151454367                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.417936                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              906797                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005987                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    404059450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168492951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148908144                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3900895                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2502823                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1916078                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      150341349                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1952162                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     27159562                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5416261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12853                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        87071                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1456502                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        11529                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        1820880                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         1096863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         85811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158244728                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8421                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      68719751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     22626342                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          190                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          15250                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         22465                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        87071                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        71442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       151775                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       223217                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     151143009                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      66100779                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       311358                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                124631                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             87723438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3074884                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           21622659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.415021                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              150987798                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             150824222                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         125017304                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         127080790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.412037                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12907417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       221245                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    102307315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.420433                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.980050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     34009969     33.24%     33.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     41744894     40.80%     74.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14099499     13.78%     87.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2243342      2.19%     90.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1887754      1.85%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1211500      1.18%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       652920      0.64%     93.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       538756      0.53%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5918681      5.79%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    102307315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    145320694                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      145320694                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               84473330                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              63303490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2926763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1744320                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         144128554                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        36345                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       5918681                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            254601977                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           318281279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   50266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 2685065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             145230384                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     145230384                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.735475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.735475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.359666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.359666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218779938                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       124718671                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           1911516                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          1520469                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           72021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          33983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     44551                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8137.928897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       74095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     52634                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.407740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle               50840178250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6101.204086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    79.633785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1956.261248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.658535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.171242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.744776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.009721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.238801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        65513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   65513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            35544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 35544                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  7522                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         73035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    73035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        73035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   73035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        24583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 25357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        27128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               27128                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        51711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  52485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        51711                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 52485                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53194750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1816560500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1869755250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2056831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2056831000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53194750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3873391500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       3926586250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53194750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3873391500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      3926586250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        90096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               90870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        35544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             35544                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             34650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               125520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              125520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272853                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.279047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.782915                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.418141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.418141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68727.067183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73894.988407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73737.242182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75819.485403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75819.485403                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68727.067183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74904.594767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74813.494332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68727.067183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74904.594767                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74813.494332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                24881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     24881                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            25357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        27128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          27128                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             52485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        51711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            52485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44314250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1534253500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1578567750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1745187000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1745187000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44314250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3279440500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323754750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     44314250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3279440500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323754750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272853                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.279047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.782915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.418141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.414530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.418141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57253.552972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62411.158117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62253.726782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64331.576231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64331.576231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57253.552972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63418.624664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63327.707917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57253.552972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63418.624664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63327.707917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   193010343                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              90870                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             90869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            35544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            34650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           34650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       285036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       286583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        49472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     10258560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  10308032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              10308032                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          116076000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1348250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         199677000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               451                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           484.370288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            11707493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          12169.951143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   394.981206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    89.389082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.771448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.174588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.946036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11704278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        11704278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11704278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         11704278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11704278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        11704278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     76559500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     76559500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     76559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     76559500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11705434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11705434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11705434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     11705434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11705434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     11705434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66227.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66227.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66227.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66227.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66227.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66227.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53971250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53971250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53971250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53971250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53971250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53971250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69730.297158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69730.297158                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69730.297158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69730.297158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69730.297158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69730.297158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            124488                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           335.731079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            59769650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            124824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            478.831395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   335.708007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.023072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.655680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.655725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     38757070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        38757070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21011787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       21011787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     59768857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         59768857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     59768857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        59768857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       176163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        176163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       157974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       157974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       334137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         334137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       334137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        334137                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5958330500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5958330500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9873134358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9873134358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15831464858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15831464858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15831464858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15831464858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     38933233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     38933233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     21169761                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60102994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     60102994                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     60102994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     60102994                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007462                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33822.826019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33822.826019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62498.476699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62498.476699                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47380.161006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47380.161006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47380.161006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47380.161006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       568034                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              5440                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   104.418015                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        35544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             35544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        86070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       123324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       123324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       209394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       209394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209394                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        90093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        90093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        34650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       124743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       124743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2561818750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2561818750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2166850000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2166850000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4728668750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4728668750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4728668750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4728668750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28435.269666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28435.269666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62535.353535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62535.353535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37907.287383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37907.287383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37907.287383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37907.287383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
