
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.016842                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16841950000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                16843661000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20047                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    20047                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                7167141                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2349.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    47107055                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      47107055                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       898368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               948224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           49856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       289856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            289856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 14816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            4529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 4529                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      2960227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     53341092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                56301319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2960227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2960227                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          17210359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               17210359                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          17210359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      2960227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     53341092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               73511678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         14816                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         4529                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          19345                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       948224                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    289856                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 948224                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 289856                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        5                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   930                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   803                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   961                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   723                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   662                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   941                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1268                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1110                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  1067                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 1122                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 1074                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  818                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  721                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  838                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 1012                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   336                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                   261                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                   299                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                   231                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                   139                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                   155                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   329                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   460                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                  392                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                  306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                  185                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                  136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  216                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     16841709500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   14816                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   4529                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      9165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                       197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                      197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         3821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      322.813923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     141.702257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     903.306404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           1802     47.16%     47.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          688     18.01%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          347      9.08%     74.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          197      5.16%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          119      3.11%     82.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           95      2.49%     85.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449           93      2.43%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513           61      1.60%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           58      1.52%     90.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641           37      0.97%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705           37      0.97%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769           15      0.39%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           33      0.86%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897           26      0.68%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961           12      0.31%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           16      0.42%     95.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           13      0.34%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           12      0.31%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           13      0.34%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            7      0.18%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           11      0.29%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           11      0.29%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            9      0.24%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.08%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            7      0.18%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            5      0.13%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            4      0.10%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            5      0.13%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            2      0.05%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.08%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.05%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      0.05%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            4      0.10%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            2      0.05%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            5      0.13%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            3      0.08%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            3      0.08%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.03%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            2      0.05%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.05%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            2      0.05%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.05%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.03%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.03%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.03%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.03%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            2      0.05%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           36      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           3821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      133531500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 394779000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     74055000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   187192500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        9015.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12638.75                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26654.45                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          56.30                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          17.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  56.30                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  17.21                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.19                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      13307                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      2191                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  48.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       870597.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     73511678                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              4529                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        34161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         34161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      1238080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    1238080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1238080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            27788500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           70288500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         1290941                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      1229144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        82374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups       409091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits          401674                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.186956                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           13646                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           86                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21438649                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                400                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         21439049                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             6824243                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2205                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6826448                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             28262892                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               2605                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         28265497                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits             3826361                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses         3826489                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 33683900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles      3936475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               53038442                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             1290941                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches       415320                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles               6914420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          760513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       21614183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3375                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3826361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         12979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     33120798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.601364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.172911                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         26206378     79.12%     79.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1           131534      0.40%     79.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           106236      0.32%     79.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            33440      0.10%     79.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            37385      0.11%     80.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            24564      0.07%     80.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            13788      0.04%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           300756      0.91%     81.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6266717     18.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     33120798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.038325                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.574593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          6812363                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      18793656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           3850950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       3011891                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         651937                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved        46227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52642217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1038                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         651937                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          7518284                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         5292628                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      1313021                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6070440                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12274487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       52134333                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         236666                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      11825015                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     43614310                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      76051838                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75060307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups       991531                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      39352657                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          4261653                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts        53804                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          142                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          21497633                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22376744                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      7178352                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     13890856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2972971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           51750796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          49351693                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5278                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      4609755                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3883163                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           56                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33120798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.490051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.279152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      7923071     23.92%     23.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     11804377     35.64%     59.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6177058     18.65%     78.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4303903     12.99%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2363612      7.14%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       479962      1.45%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        55170      0.17%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12947      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          698      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33120798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu             498      0.17%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              6      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.01%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         288826     97.85%     98.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          5794      1.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass        21703      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      20063848     40.65%     40.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       487326      0.99%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     41.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       269397      0.55%     42.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp        25300      0.05%     42.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt        89390      0.18%     42.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        19901      0.04%     42.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        21180      0.04%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21517556     43.60%     86.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6836092     13.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       49351693                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.465142                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              295164                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.005981                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    130882556                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     55600952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     48519140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1242070                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       786256                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       611073                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       49003604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          621550                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      8528492                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1959292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4357                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       507223                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3025                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         651937                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          153174                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          7159                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51794816                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      22376744                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7178352                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents            769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1129                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        25233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57545                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        82778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      49243171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      21439053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       108522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 43776                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             28265501                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          1119311                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            6826448                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.461920                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               49186885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              49130213                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40814108                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41504916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.458567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.983356                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      4652625                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          188                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        82054                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     32468861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.451750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.993448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10460260     32.22%     32.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13351176     41.12%     73.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4543354     13.99%     87.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       788620      2.43%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       590648      1.82%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       417226      1.29%     92.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       237365      0.73%     93.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       181691      0.56%     94.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1898521      5.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     32468861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     47136661                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       47136661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               27088581                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              20417452                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  79                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            1066570                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts             558263                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          46752785                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        13363                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1898521                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             82354465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           104231871                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                    6668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  563102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            47103664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              47103664                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total      47103664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.715101                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.715101                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.398403                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.398403                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         71134434                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        40743573                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            609502                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           482811                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads           26090                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          11008                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      6930                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7089.590719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.037788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5765.823309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.377134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   874.250769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         87.785527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         30.353980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.703836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.040451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.010716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.003705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.865429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    7231                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            16394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 16394                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3610                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    10841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   10841                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8261                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14037                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14817                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54946500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    423274000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       478220500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    531221000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     531221000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54946500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    954495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1009441500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     54946500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    954495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1009441500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               13787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        16394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             16394                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             11871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                25658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               25658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.475520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.695898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.577481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.577481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70444.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73281.509695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72943.944478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64304.684663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64304.684663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70444.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67998.503954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68127.252480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70444.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67998.503954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68127.252480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4529                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4529                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          780                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45995500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    356960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402955500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    436277000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436277000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45995500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    793237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    839232500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     45995500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    793237000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    839232500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.444274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.475520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.695898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.577481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.564370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.577481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58968.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61800.554017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61463.621110                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52811.645079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52811.645079                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58968.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56510.436703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56639.839374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58968.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56510.436703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56639.839374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   159795273                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              13787                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13786                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            16394                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            11871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           11871                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        66138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        67709                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        50240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      2641024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   2691264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               2691264                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           37420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1368500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          40730500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               465                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           486.175127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             3828414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           3930.609856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   403.781446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    82.393680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.788636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.160925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.949561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3825199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         3825199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3825199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          3825199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3825199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         3825199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1162                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78544250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78544250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78544250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78544250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78544250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78544250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3826361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3826361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3826361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      3826361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3826361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      3826361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67594.018933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67594.018933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67594.018933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67594.018933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67594.018933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67594.018933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70984.732824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70984.732824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70984.732824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70984.732824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70984.732824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70984.732824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           502.484975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            19493785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             24950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            781.314028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   502.412681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.072294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.981275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12873810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        12873810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6619182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6619182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19492992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         19492992                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19492992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        19492992                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        34648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         34648                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        51868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        51868                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        86516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          86516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        86516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         86516                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1320684500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1320684500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2629483351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2629483351                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       300250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3950167851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3950167851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3950167851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3950167851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12908458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12908458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6671050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6671050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19579508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19579508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19579508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19579508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007775                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088608                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38117.192912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38117.192912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50695.676544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50695.676544                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42892.857143                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45658.234905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45658.234905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45658.234905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45658.234905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       126463                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1662                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    76.090854                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             16394                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        21650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        39997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        39997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        61647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        61647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        61647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        61647                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        12998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11871                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        24869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    508591500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    508591500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    579232750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    579232750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       110750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1087824250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087824250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1087824250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1087824250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037975                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001270                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39128.442837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39128.442837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48793.930587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48793.930587                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36916.666667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43742.179018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43742.179018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43742.179018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43742.179018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
