
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.729260                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                729259939500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               729261650500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  73750                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    73750                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               23510764                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750216                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 31018.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2287596325                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2287596325                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        35968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       731392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               767360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           35968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       114624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            114624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        11428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 11990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1791                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        49321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      1002924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1052245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        49321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              49321                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            157179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 157179                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            157179                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        49321                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      1002924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1209423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         11990                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                         1791                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                          13781                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       767360                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                    114624                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 767360                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                 114624                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        2                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   903                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   528                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   523                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   677                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   843                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   576                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   853                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  1306                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  1173                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   661                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  551                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  593                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  539                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  680                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  988                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                   170                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     5                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     3                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                    28                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                    22                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                    23                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                   145                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                   423                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                   342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                   136                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    9                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                   51                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                   32                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                   21                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                  131                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                  250                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    729259693000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   11990                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                   1791                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      7355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1608.689908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     343.886632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2859.506106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            199     36.51%     36.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           61     11.19%     47.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193           23      4.22%     51.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257           19      3.49%     55.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321           13      2.39%     57.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385           12      2.20%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449            8      1.47%     61.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            9      1.65%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577           10      1.83%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            5      0.92%     65.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705            4      0.73%     66.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            8      1.47%     68.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833           13      2.39%     70.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            4      0.73%     71.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            6      1.10%     72.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            7      1.28%     73.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089            6      1.10%     74.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            2      0.37%     75.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            7      1.28%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345            4      0.73%     77.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            4      0.73%     77.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            5      0.92%     78.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537            3      0.55%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            1      0.18%     79.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            2      0.37%     79.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            1      0.18%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793            2      0.37%     80.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.18%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            1      0.18%     80.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.18%     80.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.18%     81.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            2      0.37%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.37%     81.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            4      0.73%     82.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.18%     82.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.37%     83.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.18%     83.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.18%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.18%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.18%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            2      0.37%     84.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.18%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.18%     84.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.18%     84.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.18%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.18%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.18%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.18%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.18%     85.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            1      0.18%     85.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.18%     86.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.18%     86.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.18%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.18%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.37%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.18%     87.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.18%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.18%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.18%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.55%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           56     10.28%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.18%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9601            1      0.18%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10497            1      0.18%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10625            2      0.37%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12801            1      0.18%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13377            1      0.18%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13569            1      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       34667750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 263196500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     59940000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   168588750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2891.87                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14063.13                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21955.00                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.05                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.05                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.16                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.30                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      11648                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                      1566                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   97.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     52917763.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1209423                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side        25771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                         25771                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       881984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     881984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 881984                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            14054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56896500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        77573761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     72555362                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      4204145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     77290181                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        77010188                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.637738                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          266301                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           74                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1100990686                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              15149                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1101005835                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           441349982                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1540                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       441351522                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1542340668                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses              16689                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1542357357                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           217811763                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               129                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       217811892                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   20                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1458519879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    218122575                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2570066692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            77573761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     77276489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             357226929                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33152233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      854160399                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           86                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3381                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         217811763                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         30429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1458387106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.762266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.160599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1101160177     75.51%     75.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4475666      0.31%     75.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          4246277      0.29%     76.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            57714      0.00%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          8697131      0.60%     76.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           558176      0.04%     76.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         63501737      4.35%     81.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67186320      4.61%     85.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        208503908     14.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1458387106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053187                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.762106                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        341041387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     735214988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         134746860                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     218510434                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       28873436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      4751587                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2538344442                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           953                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       28873436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        352764217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       115847943                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15951109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         341810844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     603139556                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2520394585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            64                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          19117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     598858101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1967917291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3599621218                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3594531088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5090130                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1785404529                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        182512762                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1053237                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         996304544                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1150075613                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    470413322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    641362861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores    316040925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2509968172                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          226                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2390964747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9357                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    222363298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    194522069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           47                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1458387106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.639458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.234049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    299809292     20.56%     20.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    406209186     27.85%     48.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    424700252     29.12%     77.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    184582973     12.66%     90.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    134432259      9.22%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      8335181      0.57%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        33324      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       275859      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         8780      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1458387106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           14612      0.37%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          200      0.01%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         284967      7.25%      7.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3632551     92.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       523495      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     718453395     30.05%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult    118515065      4.96%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1334766      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2227      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       790980      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11615      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       262493      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1109440289     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    441630422     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2390964747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.639309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             3932334                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001645                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6236269025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2728408164                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2377578650                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7989266                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      4001059                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3994405                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2390378851                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         3994735                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    439405482                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    106647251                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5375                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        78325                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41190771                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          921                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       28873436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         2879173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        423801                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2510253357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1150075613                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    470413322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           6101                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        377358                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        78325                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      4200690                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4204785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2382224293                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1101005837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8740454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                284959                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1542357371                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         73006132                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          441351534                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.633316                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2381626318                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2381573055                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1812502380                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1813497008                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.632870                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999452                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    222381114                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          179                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      4203848                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1429513670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.600453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.315831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    592544144     41.45%     41.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    457329388     31.99%     73.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    133157647      9.31%     82.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      9161314      0.64%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34445      0.00%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     62661795      4.38%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     59149339      4.14%     91.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     55407187      3.88%     95.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     60068411      4.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1429513670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2287869010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2287869010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs             1472650913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads            1043428362                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           72707406                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            3990075                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        2281259190                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       265070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      60068411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3879692198                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5049376643                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   52255                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                  132773                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2287592934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2287592934                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2287592934                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.637578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.637578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.568435                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.568435                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3387461751                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1864065032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           2704488                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2672876                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          546607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         261900                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4095                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8072.146885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      312687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     12162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     25.710163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5566.562026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    41.806508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2463.679683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.078658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.020010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.679512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.005103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       226090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  226090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            92454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 92454                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        12085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 12085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        238175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   238175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       238175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  238175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  6145                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5846                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  11991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        11428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 11991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40593500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    344865500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       385459000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    375252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     375252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    720118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        760711500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     40593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    720118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       760711500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       231672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              232235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        92454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             92454                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             17931                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       249603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               250166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       249603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              250166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.026460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.326028                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.047932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.047932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72102.131439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61781.709065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62727.257933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64189.616832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64189.616832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72102.131439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63013.475674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63440.205154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72102.131439                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63013.475674                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63440.205154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1791                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1791                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             6145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5846                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             11991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            11991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34137500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    280723500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    314861000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    308077500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308077500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34137500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    622938500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     34137500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    622938500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.026460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.326028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.047932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.047932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60634.991119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50290.845575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51238.567941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52698.853917                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52698.853917                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60634.991119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51522.663633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51950.504545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60634.991119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51522.663633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51950.504545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                    30068313                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             232235                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            92454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            17931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           17931                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side       591660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                       592785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        35968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     21891648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  21927616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              21927616                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          263764000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         377207000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           460.976010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217814137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          290032.139814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   337.967050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   123.008961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.240252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217810922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217810922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217810922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217810922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    217810922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217810922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           841                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            841                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           841                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57526750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57526750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57526750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57526750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     57526750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57526750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217811763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217811763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217811763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217811763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    217811763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217811763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68402.794293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68402.794293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68402.794293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68402.794293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68402.794293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68402.794293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          278                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41157500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41157500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41157500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41157500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     41157500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41157500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73103.907638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73103.907638                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73103.907638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73103.907638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73103.907638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73103.907638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            249220                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           460.966875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1090507001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            249681                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           4367.601063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   460.965185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.001690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.900323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.900326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    661321734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       661321734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    429184477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      429184477                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090506211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1090506211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1090506211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1090506211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       262578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        262578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        37997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       300575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         300575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       300575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        300575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5098863250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5098863250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1821211392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1821211392                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       222000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6920074642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   6920074642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6920074642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   6920074642                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    661584312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    661584312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    429222474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    429222474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090806786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1090806786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1090806786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1090806786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19418.470892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19418.470892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47930.399558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47930.399558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31714.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23022.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23022.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23022.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23022.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7084                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.575419                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        92454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             92454                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        30896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        20079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        20079                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        50975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       231682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       249600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       249600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       249600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       249600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2838168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2838168500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    514246498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    514246498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3352414998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3352414998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3352414998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3352414998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12250.276241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12250.276241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28699.994307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28699.994307                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13431.149832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13431.149832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13431.149832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13431.149832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
