
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.184947                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                184947478500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               184949189000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55752                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    55752                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               12148503                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15223.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   848760973                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     848760973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     31489536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             31552256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           62720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          15738048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       492024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                493004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               245907                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       339123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    170262046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               170601169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       339123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             339123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          85094688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               85094688                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          85094688                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       339123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    170262046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              255695857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        493005                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                       245907                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         738912                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                     31552256                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  15738048                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd               31552256                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr               15738048                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       14                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                 30897                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                 30791                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                 30865                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                 30736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                 30763                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                 30769                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                 30767                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                 30810                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                 30747                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                 30760                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                30765                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                30885                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                30912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                30854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                30772                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                30898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                 15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                 15368                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                 15406                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                 15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                15361                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                15409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                15395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                15366                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                15360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    184947448500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  493005                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 245907                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    492437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                     10686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                     10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                    10692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    10691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1324.255109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     622.450857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1961.503737                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           4267     11.96%     11.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         3519      9.87%     21.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          610      1.71%     23.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          609      1.71%     25.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          598      1.68%     26.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          730      2.05%     28.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1497      4.20%     33.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2370      6.64%     39.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          654      1.83%     41.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          666      1.87%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          515      1.44%     44.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          561      1.57%     46.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          570      1.60%     48.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          806      2.26%     50.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961         3362      9.43%     59.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1966      5.51%     65.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          597      1.67%     66.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          533      1.49%     68.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          489      1.37%     69.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          535      1.50%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          545      1.53%     72.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          794      2.23%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4597     12.89%     88.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          181      0.51%     88.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          118      0.33%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          111      0.31%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           69      0.19%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           54      0.15%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           70      0.20%     89.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           75      0.21%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           83      0.23%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           61      0.17%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           66      0.19%     90.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           75      0.21%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           28      0.08%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           25      0.07%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           30      0.08%     90.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           30      0.08%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           36      0.10%     91.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           22      0.06%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           30      0.08%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           26      0.07%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           26      0.07%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           24      0.07%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           22      0.06%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           18      0.05%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           13      0.04%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           21      0.06%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            9      0.03%     91.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           17      0.05%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           12      0.03%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           15      0.04%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           14      0.04%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           14      0.04%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            8      0.02%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           14      0.04%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           12      0.03%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           14      0.04%     92.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           13      0.04%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           15      0.04%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            6      0.02%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           14      0.04%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           32      0.09%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           23      0.06%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           33      0.09%     92.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            9      0.03%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           11      0.03%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.02%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.03%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.01%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            9      0.03%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           14      0.04%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            7      0.02%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           10      0.03%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            6      0.02%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            5      0.01%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.02%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           10      0.03%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           11      0.03%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.02%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            6      0.02%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            9      0.03%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            7      0.02%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           15      0.04%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            8      0.02%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            7      0.02%     92.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            9      0.03%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.01%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            8      0.02%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           10      0.03%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            5      0.01%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            7      0.02%     93.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            4      0.01%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            9      0.03%     93.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           28      0.08%     93.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.01%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           27      0.08%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           13      0.04%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            4      0.01%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           10      0.03%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           10      0.03%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            8      0.02%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            8      0.02%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.03%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.01%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           10      0.03%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            6      0.02%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.01%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           14      0.04%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           16      0.04%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            9      0.03%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            7      0.02%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            7      0.02%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            9      0.03%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            6      0.02%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            7      0.02%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            9      0.03%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           16      0.04%     93.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            7      0.02%     93.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809           11      0.03%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            8      0.02%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            5      0.01%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            7      0.02%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.03%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           37      0.10%     94.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         2135      5.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35671                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      338428000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10006485500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2464955000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                  7203102500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                         686.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14611.02                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  20297.50                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         170.60                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          85.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                 170.60                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                  85.09                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.31                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                     471429                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    231784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  94.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       250296.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    255695511                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              247018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             247016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            245907                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           245987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side      1231915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                       1231915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side     47290240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                   47290240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               47290240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1353084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2338659000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        28915148                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      9999580                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        13826                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     18377211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        18366177                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.939958                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         9449982                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect          105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            242278219                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               4524                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        242282743                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            81090162                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              2253                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        81092415                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            323368381                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               6777                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        323375158                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            77406996                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               101                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        77407097                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  503                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                369894957                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     77448753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              878425793                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            28915148                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     27816159                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             128290908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          158600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      132052502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1537                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          77406996                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          7403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    337922209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.599491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.577766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209631301     62.04%     62.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          4471818      1.32%     63.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          8510394      2.52%     65.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          4218462      1.25%     67.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5090486      1.51%     68.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          2643211      0.78%     69.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          6231572      1.84%     71.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          3689350      1.09%     72.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         93435615     27.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    337922209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.078171                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.374798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        105279080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     104237086                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         105577550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      22700568                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         127924                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      9461737                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           487                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      878333335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1552                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         127924                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        112539239                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45629766                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles       370228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         121071239                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      58183812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      878198370                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            43                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          25165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53499789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    749239105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1228549636                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    855109407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    373440229                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     748287981                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps           951124                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         5822                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         3739                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         175068783                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    242357736                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     81141084                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     31776785                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2468781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          849711204                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         6904                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         849305942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        11919                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       950786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       770780                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          142                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    337922209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.513318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.589829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     35391776     10.47%     10.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     63148158     18.69%     29.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     77682804     22.99%     52.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     70395575     20.83%     72.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     50026809     14.80%     87.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     30180166      8.93%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      9393936      2.78%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1390111      0.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       312874      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    337922209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           44531      0.42%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt       1459954     13.62%     14.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult       745228      6.95%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        4024545     37.54%     58.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       4445361     41.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          393      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     299334104     35.24%     35.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     18887775      2.22%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    127957204     15.07%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            3      0.00%     52.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     48252131      5.68%     58.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     28320074      3.33%     61.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      3147061      0.37%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    242310697     28.53%     90.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     81096500      9.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      849305942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.296073                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            10719619                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012622                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1520594253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    588348072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    586990196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    526671378                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    262332903                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    262222952                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      595585781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       264439387                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     32694336                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       307180                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          729                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12205                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94170                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           15                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          712                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         127924                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13369473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1041973                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    878055822                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5530                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     242357736                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     81141084                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         3736                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          37312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         84276                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12205                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10217                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4164                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        14381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     849262825                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     242282749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        43117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              28337714                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            323375166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         28892080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           81092417                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.295957                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              849235773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             849213148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         723371161                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         816051016                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.295822                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.886429                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       877769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         6762                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        13352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    337794285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.596524                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.282061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    132604920     39.26%     39.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     87591653     25.93%     65.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11680040      3.46%     68.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5929246      1.76%     70.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5688354      1.68%     72.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3771295      1.12%     73.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      5799864      1.72%     74.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      5889036      1.74%     76.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78839877     23.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    337794285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    877090814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      877090814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              323097470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             242050556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                3127                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           28869639                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          262150420                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         689356941                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      9447851                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      78839877                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1136868911                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1756065404                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  489552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                31972748                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             848757582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     848757582                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.435808                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.435808                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.294591                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.294591                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        949653516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       502208389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         277934574                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        246488532                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         8396474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           6255                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                    485098                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8019.492973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      233877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    493266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.474140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5548.048540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     7.534715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2462.914944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.789466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.205310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.677252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.978942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       148296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  148370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           331500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                331500                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53580                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 53580                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            74                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        201876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   201950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           74                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       201876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  201950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       246038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                247018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              245987                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 493005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                493005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67127500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15043062250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15110189750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15349567750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   15349567750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67127500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      30459757500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     67127500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30392630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     30459757500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       394334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              395388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       331500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            331500                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       299567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            299567                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       693901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               694955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       693901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              694955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.624748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.821142                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.709071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.709406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.709071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.709406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68497.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61141.214975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.399526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62399.914426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62399.914426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68497.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61770.499466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61783.871360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68497.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61770.499466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61783.871360                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    245907                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       246038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           247018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         245987                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            493005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       492025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           493005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55867500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12216068750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12271936250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12524497250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524497250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55867500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24796433500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     55867500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24740566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24796433500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.623933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.624748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.821142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.709071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.709406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.929791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.709071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.709406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57007.653061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49651.146368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49680.332000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50915.281092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50915.281092                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57007.653061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50283.148214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50296.515248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57007.653061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50283.148214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50296.515248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   355198095                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             395388                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            395386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           331500                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           299567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          299567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         2108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1719300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                      1721408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        67456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     65625536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                  65692992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus              65692992                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          844727500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1160753500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.823236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            77408735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          62577.797090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   498.575477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    11.247759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.973780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.021968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        77405534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         77405534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     77405534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        77405534                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95250999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95250999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95250999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95250999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95250999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95250999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     77406996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     77406996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     77406996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     77406996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65151.162107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.162107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65151.162107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.162107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65151.162107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.162107                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68932500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68932500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68932500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68932500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68932500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68932500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.853890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65400.853890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.853890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65400.853890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65400.853890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65400.853890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            693544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           434.862227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           288240055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            693979                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            415.344059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   434.846005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.016222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.849309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.849340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    208245825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       208245825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     79989017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       79989017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1585                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    288234842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        288234842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    288234842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       288234842                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1334219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1334219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1054770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1054770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1542                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2388989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2388989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2388989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2388989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57443585750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  57443585750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47136636736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  47136636736                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     21152250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104580222486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 104580222486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104580222486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 104580222486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    209580044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    209580044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     81043787                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3127                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290623831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    290623831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    290623831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    290623831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.493124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43054.090633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43054.090633                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44689.019157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44689.019157                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13717.412451                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43775.933035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43775.933035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43775.933035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43775.933035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5623                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.439791                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       331500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            331500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       939886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       939886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       755203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       755203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1541                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1695089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1695089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1695089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1695089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       394333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       394333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       299567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       299567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       693900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       693900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       693900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       693900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16925401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16925401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16190255749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16190255749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33115657249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33115657249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  33115657249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33115657249                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42921.595454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42921.595454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54045.524871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54045.524871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        61250                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47723.962025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47723.962025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47723.962025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47723.962025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
