
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.330192                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                330191897500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               330193608500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  35409                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11182705                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29527.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1045528572                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1045528572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5045312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              5105600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           60288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2333504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           2333504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        78833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 79775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           36461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                36461                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       182585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     15279939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15462524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       182585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             182585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7067115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7067115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7067115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       182585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     15279939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               22529638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         79775                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                        36461                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                         116236                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                      5105600                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2333504                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                5105600                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                2333504                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                  4902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                  4827                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                  4811                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                  4962                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                  5259                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                  5196                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                  4887                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                  4797                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                  5043                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                  4981                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                 5151                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                 4955                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                 5039                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                 5041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                 4975                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                 4934                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                  2233                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                  2208                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                  2188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                  2259                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                  2238                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                  2284                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                  2335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                  2188                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                  2309                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                  2327                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                 2301                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                 2234                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                 2323                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                 2360                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                 2342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                 2332                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    330191611000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   79775                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  36461                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     61026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      1586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      1586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      1586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     1585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        12306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      604.151471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     254.141324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1158.549265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65           3467     28.17%     28.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129         1679     13.64%     41.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193         1137      9.24%     51.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257          934      7.59%     58.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          672      5.46%     64.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          492      4.00%     68.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          447      3.63%     71.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513          279      2.27%     74.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          177      1.44%     75.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          158      1.28%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          130      1.06%     77.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769          134      1.09%     78.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          111      0.90%     79.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          104      0.85%     80.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          116      0.94%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          170      1.38%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          122      0.99%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           99      0.80%     84.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           76      0.62%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          195      1.58%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           78      0.63%     87.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           62      0.50%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          439      3.57%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          359      2.92%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           30      0.24%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           22      0.18%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           29      0.24%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           23      0.19%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           12      0.10%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           15      0.12%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            9      0.07%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           10      0.08%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           16      0.13%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           10      0.08%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            9      0.07%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           13      0.11%     96.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            9      0.07%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            7      0.06%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           10      0.08%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            8      0.07%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            3      0.02%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            3      0.02%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            8      0.07%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            8      0.07%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            7      0.06%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            8      0.07%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            6      0.05%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           11      0.09%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            4      0.03%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            6      0.05%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            6      0.05%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.05%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            5      0.04%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.06%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            8      0.07%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            6      0.05%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            6      0.05%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            6      0.05%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.01%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            6      0.05%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            3      0.02%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           10      0.08%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            7      0.06%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            5      0.04%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            5      0.04%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            9      0.07%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            4      0.03%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            5      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            7      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.05%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.02%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.04%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            8      0.07%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            6      0.05%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.02%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.03%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            4      0.03%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.02%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.02%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            2      0.02%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.01%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.03%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.02%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            3      0.02%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            3      0.02%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.02%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.02%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            3      0.02%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.01%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            3      0.02%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            1      0.01%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            1      0.01%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.02%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.02%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            5      0.04%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.01%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.02%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.02%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.01%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            1      0.01%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.01%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.01%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.02%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            3      0.02%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            3      0.02%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.01%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.06%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            2      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            3      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            4      0.03%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            6      0.05%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          112      0.91%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8769            2      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8961            1      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9729            1      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9985            1      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10177            2      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10241            1      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10369            1      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          12306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                      678738500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2070206000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                    398800000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                   992667500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8509.76                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    12445.68                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25955.44                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.46                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                  15.46                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   7.07                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.43                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                      74351                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     29558                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   93.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      2840700.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     22529638                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42007                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             36461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             37768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            37768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side       196011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                        196011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side      7439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                    7439104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                7439104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           203962000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          378317000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       130312414                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    104191951                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1588163                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     86453517                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        81117112                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     93.827429                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         7072086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         7672                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            310503387                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               1240                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        310504627                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           141438735                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              4689                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       141443424                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            451942122                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5929                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        451948051                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           131263216                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               453                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       131263669                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls               250388                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                660386176                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    132289499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             1148786933                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           130312414                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     88189198                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             201436603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        12259421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      312647224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9833                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         131263216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        576516                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    656748809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.749203                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.960950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        455312206     69.33%     69.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         13953983      2.12%     71.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         15711846      2.39%     73.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         21049208      3.21%     77.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         15739253      2.40%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         19875470      3.03%     82.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         14721464      2.24%     84.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         13484544      2.05%     86.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         86900835     13.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    656748809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.197328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.739568                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        162404511                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     283645759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         175525748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      24826457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       10346333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     14897363                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred         19232                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     1142456066                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       10346333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        179392899                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        60461045                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    114233483                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         182450963                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     109864085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     1134994391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       26448905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      69907602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    855623554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1600742916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1590202112                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10540804                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     792850170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         62773384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3092811                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       751422                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         232396361                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    316929053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    145758919                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    102198453                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     35304931                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         1116247110                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1252380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        1088113767                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       919828                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     70511959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50586205                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          371                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    656748809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.656819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.719869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    212614888     32.37%     32.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    157306879     23.95%     56.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    113086239     17.22%     73.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     77755451     11.84%     85.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     46436316      7.07%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26855346      4.09%     96.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     11139056      1.70%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7925345      1.21%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      3629289      0.55%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    656748809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1945090     23.22%     23.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult           6601      0.08%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            32      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult           40      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     23.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        5085294     60.70%     84.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1340322     16.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       250370      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     619385991     56.92%     56.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     11540113      1.06%     58.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1635107      0.15%     58.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp       463060      0.04%     58.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       390286      0.04%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        83406      0.01%     58.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       103442      0.01%     58.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt        79192      0.01%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    312327335     28.70%     86.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141855465     13.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     1088113767                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.647693                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8377379                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.007699                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   2829913779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1181194130                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1076829627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     12359771                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7116481                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5988339                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1089908844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         6331932                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     84070474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     22104495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       179490                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       309180                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      8181661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       581239                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        61943                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       10346333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        15445435                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       4867733                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1128110158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     316929053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    145758919                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       751402                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        3773521                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          4309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       309180                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1178986                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       426444                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1605430                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    1086012509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     310504629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2101258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              10610668                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            451948053                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        124365321                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          141443424                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.644511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             1083699909                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            1082817966                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         740208934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         873873944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.639674                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.847043                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73418733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1252009                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1568950                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    646402476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.632625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.665114                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    325773440     50.40%     50.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    162390945     25.12%     75.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     39635756      6.13%     81.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     13304573      2.06%     83.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     10314144      1.60%     85.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      5362226      0.83%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3979997      0.62%     86.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3322489      0.51%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82318906     12.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    646402476                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1055332535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     1055332535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              432401816                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             294824558                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              500809                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          121246865                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            5439200                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1030053051                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      6670349                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82318906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1692822358                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          2267869775                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  121642                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3637367                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          1045525181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            1045525181                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    1045525181                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.631631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.631631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.583203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.583203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1535039021                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       821708943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           6269252                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          2990367                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3008733                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1001620                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                     71810                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8160.459721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    21207188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     79754                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    265.907516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1321.290337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    93.316811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  6745.714026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.108898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.029649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.161290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.011391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.823451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.996150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     13133458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                13133461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          8111345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               8111345                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3255484                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3255484                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      16388942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 16388945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     16388942                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                16388945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 42008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        37768                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               37768                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        78833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  79776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        78833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 79776                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2593744500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2657800500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2721776000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    2721776000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5315520500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       5379576500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5315520500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      5379576500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13174523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            13175469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8111345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           8111345                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3293252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3293252                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16467775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             16468721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16467775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            16468721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.003188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011468                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.011468                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.004844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.004844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67927.889714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63161.926215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63268.913064                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72065.664054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72065.664054                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67927.889714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67427.606459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67433.520106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67927.889714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67427.606459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67433.520106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                36461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     36461                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            42008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        37768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          37768                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             79776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        78833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            79776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53234000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2122179500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2175413500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2287979000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2287979000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53234000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4410158500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4463392500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     53234000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4410158500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4463392500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.003188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.996829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56451.749735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51678.546207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51785.695582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60579.829485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60579.829485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56451.749735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55943.050499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55949.063628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 56451.749735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55943.050499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55949.063628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  4764272449                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           13175469                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          13175468                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          8111345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3293252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3293252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side     41046895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                     41048786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        60480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side   1573063680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                1573124160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1573124160                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20401378000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1647749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       24720755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           506.031507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           131264956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          115753.929453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      330189987750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   468.138471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    37.893037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.914333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.074010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131261741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       131261741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131261741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        131261741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131261741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       131261741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97733999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97733999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97733999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97733999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     97733999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97733999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131263216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    131263216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131263216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    131263216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    131263216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    131263216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66260.338305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66260.338305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66260.338305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66260.338305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66260.338305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66260.338305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          113                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65034251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65034251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65034251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65034251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     65034251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65034251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68746.565539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68746.565539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68746.565539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68746.565539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68746.565539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68746.565539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          16467341                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           509.712103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           322406022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          16467853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             19.577903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       12098676750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   509.708372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.003732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.995524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    195733250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       195733250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    125679144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      125679144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       492177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       492177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       500809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       500809                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    321412394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        321412394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    321412394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       321412394                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     29570681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      29570681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11397305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     11397305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8633                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8633                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40967986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       40967986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40967986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      40967986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 327876486500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 327876486500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162926845254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 162926845254                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    116802000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    116802000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 490803331754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 490803331754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 490803331754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 490803331754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    225303931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225303931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    137076449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    137076449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       500810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       500810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       500809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       500809                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    362380380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    362380380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    362380380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    362380380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.131248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.083146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017238                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.017238                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.113052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.113052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.113052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11087.890959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11087.890959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14295.207968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14295.207968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13529.711572                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13529.711572                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11980.167435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11980.167435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11980.167435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11980.167435                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       923730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             49068                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.825507                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8111345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           8111345                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16395873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16395873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8104341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      8104341                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         8630                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24500214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     24500214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     24500214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     24500214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     13174808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13174808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3292964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3292964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16467772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16467772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16467772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16467772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151349635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 151349635000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40054882748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40054882748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191404517748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 191404517748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191404517748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191404517748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11487.805743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.805743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12163.777906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12163.777906                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        27750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11622.975940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11622.975940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11622.975940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11622.975940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
