
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.219235                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                219234827500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               219236538500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11574823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 750128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 18940.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   689920756                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     689920756                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       203712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               238464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks          640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total               640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks              10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                   10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       158515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       929195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1087710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       158515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             158515                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks              2919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                   2919                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks              2919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       158515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       929195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1090630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          3726                       # Total number of read requests seen
system.physmem.writeReqs                           10                       # Total number of write requests seen
system.physmem.cpureqs                           3736                       # Reqs generatd by CPU via cache - shady
system.physmem.bytesRead                       238464                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.physmem.bytesWritten                       640                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.physmem.bytesConsumedRd                 238464                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.bytesConsumedWr                    640                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of read reqs serviced by write Q
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWrite                  0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::0                   149                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::1                   140                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::2                   139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::3                   221                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::4                   401                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::5                   180                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::6                   447                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::7                   505                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::8                   322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::9                   166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::10                  309                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::11                  154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::12                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::13                  148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::14                  156                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankRdReqs::15                  133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::0                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::1                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::2                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::3                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::4                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::5                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::6                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::7                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::8                     1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::9                     0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::10                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::11                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::12                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::13                    0                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::14                    1                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.perBankWrReqs::15                    2                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    219234553500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    3726                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                     10                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      2154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples          166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     1358.265060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     247.962356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2662.494884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65             83     50.00%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129           10      6.02%     56.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193            6      3.61%     59.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-257            8      4.82%     64.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321            4      2.41%     66.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385            6      3.61%     70.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-513            3      1.81%     72.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577            3      1.81%     74.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641            3      1.81%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-769            1      0.60%     76.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833            4      2.41%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897            1      0.60%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961            1      0.60%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            1      0.60%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473            1      0.60%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            2      1.20%     82.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            3      1.81%     84.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.60%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.60%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.60%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.60%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.60%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.60%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            1      0.60%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.60%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           18     10.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total            166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        8696750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  80498000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.physmem.totBusLat                     18630000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.physmem.totBankLat                    53171250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.physmem.avgQLat                        2334.07                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14270.33                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  21604.40                       # Average memory access latency
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.09                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedRdBW                   1.09                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.avgConsumedWrBW                   0.00                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         8.99                       # Average write queue length over time
system.physmem.readRowHits                       3560                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                   0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     58681625.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                      1090630                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1791                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side         7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count                          7462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side       239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size                     239104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 239104                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             1908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           17690000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        23391226                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     21874823                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      1266656                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     23306625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        23218773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.623060                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           82065                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           79                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            332026197                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                199                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        332026396                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           133101274                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1421                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       133102695                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            465127471                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1620                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        465129091                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            65668348                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               128                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        65668476                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                438469655                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     65768503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              774999831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            23391226                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     23300838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             107718697                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         9981238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      256237312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           85                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3373                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           17                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          65668348                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes          8457                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    438421532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.767705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.163993                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        330702835     75.43%     75.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1350702      0.31%     75.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1283327      0.29%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3             9187      0.00%     76.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          2625745      0.60%     76.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           161366      0.04%     76.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         19152100      4.37%     81.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         20257656      4.62%     85.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         62878614     14.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    438421532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.053347                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.767511                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        102791418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     220416365                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          40599133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      65921382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles        8693233                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved      1434035                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           332                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      765421449                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          1004                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles        8693233                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        106295345                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        33766677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4820377                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         103094778                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     181751121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      760016245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents            20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          11250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     180468639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    593405127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    1085486713                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1083876587                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1610126                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     538467514                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         54937613                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       318122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         300343066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    346812913                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    141858970                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    193398208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     95253266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          756882775                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          229                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         721053812                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     66963129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58578758                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    438421532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.644659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     89202210     20.35%     20.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    122150025     27.86%     48.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    128204379     29.24%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     55711965     12.71%     90.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     40588494      9.26%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2469885      0.56%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9043      0.00%     99.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        82773      0.02%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2758      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    438421532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            4189      0.35%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          204      0.02%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             4      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead          84570      7.08%      7.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       1106070     92.56%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       158103      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216635116     30.04%     30.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult     35742741      4.96%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     35.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421260      0.06%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp         2221      0.00%     35.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       242882      0.03%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult        11616      0.00%     35.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv        79796      0.01%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    334573831     46.40%     81.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    133186246     18.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      721053812                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.644478                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1195037                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.001657                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1879223871                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    822613167                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    716974091                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2502983                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1254405                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1251283                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      720839149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         1251597                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    132497732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     32136830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          818                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        21689                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     12415021                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1038                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles        8693233                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          144610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          4995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    756974428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     346812913                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    141858970                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          139                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           2082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          1298                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        21689                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1265738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          787                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      1266525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     718418395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     332026400                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2635417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                 91424                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            465129096                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         22019539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          133102696                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.638468                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              718236804                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             718225374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         546625292                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         546950215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.638028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.999406                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     66967407                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          177                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1266344                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    429728299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.605681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.318218                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177396801     41.28%     41.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    137853514     32.08%     73.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     40105939      9.33%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2776166      0.65%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12190      0.00%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     18897947      4.40%     87.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17866090      4.16%     91.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16679780      3.88%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     18139872      4.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    429728299                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    690006361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      690006361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              444120032                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             314676083                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  77                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           21929458                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            1249635                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         687978427                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        81680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      18139872                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           1168560687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          1522641523                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                     634                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   48123                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           689917365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             689917365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     689917365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.635539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.635539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.573467                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.573467                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1021549642                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       562114430                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            874832                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes           845874                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          181206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          79204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.replacements                        11                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3575.987174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       10286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.668223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2074.288158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   387.438994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   878.259800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        188.000098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         48.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.253209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.047295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.107209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.022949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.436522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             7493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  7493                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2023                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          6518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     6575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         6518                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    6575                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  1936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35785750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     85823500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       121609250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113500750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     113500750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35785750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199324250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        235110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     35785750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    199324250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       235110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                6488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              7493                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.298397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.469586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.361774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.361774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65782.628676                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61654.813218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62814.695248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63372.836404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63372.836404                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65782.628676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62621.504870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63082.908506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65782.628676                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62621.504870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63082.908506                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        10                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             1936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1791                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29544250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69823500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99367750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92910250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92910250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29544250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162733750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    192278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     29544250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    162733750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    192278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236453                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.298397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.469586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.469586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.361774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.905158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.328111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.361774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54309.283088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50160.560345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51326.317149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51876.186488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51876.186488                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54309.283088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51125.903236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51590.555406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54309.283088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51125.903236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51590.555406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                     5194503                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               6488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              6487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             7493                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side         1201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side        26895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count                        28096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side        38400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side      1100416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size                   1138816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus               1138816                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           16390500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1034749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          15337250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           462.741646                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            65670706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               789                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          83232.833967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   346.563873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   116.177773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.676883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.226910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.903792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65667491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        65667491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65667491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         65667491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     65667491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        65667491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50685249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     50685249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50685249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     50685249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     50685249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     50685249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65668348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     65668348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65668348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     65668348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     65668348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     65668348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59142.647608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59142.647608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59142.647608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59142.647608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59142.647608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59142.647608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           42                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          256                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36959751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36959751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36959751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36959751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     36959751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36959751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61497.089850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61497.089850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61497.089850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61497.089850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61497.089850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61497.089850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              9267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.878202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           328944249                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              9779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          33637.820738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         126649250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.872649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.005554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    199512102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       199512102                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    129431357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      129431357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    328943459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        328943459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    328943459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       328943459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         15429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        12515                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        12515                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        27944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          27944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        27944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         27944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    662223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    662223000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    638561317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    638561317                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       171250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1300784317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1300784317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1300784317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1300784317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    199527531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    199527531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    129443872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    129443872                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328971403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    328971403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    328971403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    328971403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089744                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42920.668870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42920.668870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51023.676948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51023.676948                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24464.285714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46549.682114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46549.682114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46549.682114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46549.682114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5638                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               329                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.136778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              7493                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         9545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        18246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18246                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137641750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137641750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        33000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    274495750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    274495750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    274495750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    274495750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038462                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23258.667573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23258.667573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36088.555322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36088.555322                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28304.366880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28304.366880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28304.366880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28304.366880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
